 Unleash Arweave: Don't miss this opportunity to experience the power of decentralized storage | Enjoy FREE Uploads for content ≤ 150KB now! logo Products Discover Blogs Pricing Community First Sowing Login ProductsDiscover Blogs Pricing Community First Sowing 4EVERLAND MSP I is now live! A $15k bonus and vouchers are included in this 3-month program designed to empower Web3 developers and projects. Apply today. Decentralize Your Website Build a Web3 application easily, efficiently, and cost-effectively on 4EVERLAND Get started for free Web3 Aggregator A blockchain technology-powered, Web 3.0 cloud computing platform Storage A holistic storage network compatible with IPFS, Arweave, and other storage protocols Computing General-purpose computing layer based on multi-chain integration Network Global acceleration network capability based on worldwide distributed gateway nodes Make a smooth leap from Web2.0 to Web3.0 Use 4EVERLAND and join our Web 3.0 Universe fam Explore Universe Snapshot Celer Metis RSS3 REI SyncSwap Relationlabs everPay Realy .bit Mintbox Bella Gamedevs SPACE ID Quest3 Explore Universe What is 4EVERLAND? 4EVERLAND is a Web 3.0 cloud computing platform that integrates storage, computing, and network as its core capabilities. It aims to help users make a smooth leap from Web 2.0 to Web 3.0 and become the infrastructure for millions of Web 3.0 developers and applications. DWeb HostingIPFS/AR StorageDecentralized GatewayGeneral-purpose ComputingData ServicesMore... Why Choose 4EVERLAND? One-stop solution for DApps building Provides resources of multiple ecosystems Compatible with traditional development environments Write once, run any blockchain Explore infinite possibilities with products designed for sophisticated and dynamic Web3.0 experience DWeb Hosting 4EVERLAND Hosting Service helps developers host websites or DApps on multiple protocols such as IPFS, Arweave, BNB Greenfield, etc. Users can deploy websites to Web 3.0 by using Github authorization or a Cli local template build. Try for free Storage Bucket enables users to upload, store, and fetch files from multiple protocols such as IPFS and Arweave in a secure, convenient, and efficient manner. It's compatible with AWS S3 APIs, interface operations, CLI, and other upload methods. Try for free Decentralized Gateway 200+ globally distributed gateway nodes available to provide developers with more efficient and faster Web 3.0 access Payments on Multiple Chains 4EVERLAND supports payments with assets on multiple chains for the greater convenience of users from different ecosystems. Additional Features Come explore more with 4EVERLAND. We also provide data analytics, decentralized domains, and underlying computing features. Efficient and stable Web3.0 infrastructure 4EVERLAND is hard-working to empower users with a distributed, high-efficient, self-incentivized, and low-cost data hosting network. 200+ GLOBAL NODES99.99% GUARANTEED UPTIME10x PERFORMANCE BOOST50,000+ DEVELOPERS Left-click: rotate, Mouse-wheel/middle-click: zoom, Right-click: pan Partners We have earned the trust of outstanding Web3.0 projects and are working together to create a new Web3.0 world. Roadmap V1 Quark 2021 Q1 2021 Q2 2021 Q3 2021 Q4 2022 Q1 2022 Q2 V2 Proton 2022 Q3 2022 Q4 2023 Q1 2023 Q2 V3 Atom V2 Proton • Launch the trusted 4EVERLAND node network.• Launch a multi-chain payment system, supporting ETH, BSC, Polygon, and other public chains.• Provide online front-end verifiable solutions to deliver more comprehensive decentralized front-end hosting services.• Complete the integration with the capabilities of Dfinity’s ecosystem. Come and be a part of the next era of infinite possibilities at 4EVERLAND Let's Start Stay up to date on developer updates from 4EVERLAND Subscribe Thank you for subscription. We have sent a subscription confirmation email. To complete the subscription process, please click the confirmation link. ok Join us Products Hosting Bucket ENS Domain SNS Domain IPFS Gateway Resources Documentation Litepaper Blogs Brand Resources Status Developers Dashboard Grants Legal Term of Service Privacy Policy Join us Products Resources Developers Legal © 2023 4EVERLAND, Inc Thank you for subscription. We have sent a subscription confirmation email. To complete the subscription process, please click the confirmation link. ok 