 Enter Vault Read Whitepaper Build Mint Docs Twitter Discord Enter Vault Read Whitepaper All the World's Assets, On-Chain &nbsp; 4K is the first decentralized protocol for bringing physical assets on-chain. We turn humanity’s most treasured objects into physically-backed NFT’s, unlocking secure &amp; frictionless exchange and ultimate individual freedom. &nbsp; + Launch App The 4K Physical Protocol The first decentralized protocol that coordinates a global network of operators to bring physical assets on-chain The Collectibles Market - Overall Estimated Value $398B As of 2023 Imagine a network with thousands of physical nodes located all over the world. Each node is responsible for ensuring that a physical collectible stored on the blockchain is legitimate, accessible and protected. Coin $32B Maps $5B Cameras $3B Diving $8B Stamps $32B Glassware $4B Photos $7B Electronics $11B Militaria $31B Fashion $4B Art Deco $18B Sailing $9B Books $26B Autographs $4B Classic Cars $56B Sports Memorabilia $14B Music $14B Toys $13B Nature $5B Film $10B Timepieces $16B Comics $11B Epherma $3B Ethnic $17B Application Layer 4 Marketplaces DAOs Brands &amp; Creators DeFi Service Layer 3 Appraisers The Appraisal Protocol coordinates a network of global appraisers for various asset verticals. Currently in development. Authenticators The Authentication Protocol coordinates a network of global authenticators for various asset verticals. Currently in development. Auditors Responsible for keeping Guardians accountable for losing or damaging physical assets by performing regular audits. Oracles Collect price data through various sources and estimate the value of assets on a frequent, timely basis. Infrastructure Layer 2 Guardians Physical facilities that vault collectibles and approve minting of physically-backed NFTs. Compensated through minting, vaulting, insurance, audit, liquidation and redemption fees. Protocol Layer 1 4K Physical Protocol On-chain coordinator of governance, accountability, and infrastructure for the network. The $4K Token Powers the Protocol Earn Rewards by Staking to Secure Physical Assets Staking native 4K tokens secures services on the protocol, while unlocking protocol fees and rewards. Protocol Fees Learn how the Protocol generates Vaulting, Insurance, and additional fees on-chain. Accountability Learn how the Protocol keeps your collectibles safe utilizing on-chain slashing and audits. Liquidity Incentives Earn lucrative rewards for minting physically-backed NFTs to 4K. Governance 4K Token holders govern the Protocol through an on-chain voting process enabling community ownership and active participation. Build with 4K Brands &amp; Creators Build new audiences, increase community engagement, expand markets, and create experiences. eCommerce Enable tokenization on your eCommece store and expand revenue channels. Marketplaces Infrastructure, technology and integrations to build the next generation of marketplaces. Innovations &amp; Products Explore tools like our on-chain subscription payments, Mint Drop, redemption API, and collections creator. DAOs Acquire physical collectibles, diversify treasury and leverage DeFi tooling. DeFi Composability Increase liquidity and access to capital by integrating lending, liquidity pool, and fractionalization protocols. Diversification Use physically-backed NFTs as collateral for decentralized stablecoins and/or diversifying treasuries. What is a 4K NFT? A 4K NFT is a digital representation of a real-world, physical collectible. A Guardian must vault the physical collectible in order for the NFT to be minted. The NFT can be redeemed at ANYTIME for its physical counterpart. 1:1 Backed Each NFT is backed by the unique and specific physical collectible Guardian Information Collection, name, location, and state. Customizable Attributes Features, brands, colors, year, model, editions, etc. Insurance &amp; Vault Class Insurance &amp; Vault Class Redeemable At anytime, the 4K NFT holder can redeem the real-world physical collectible Authentication &amp; Provenance Documentation (if applicable). Photo and/or Video Multiple high quality photos and/or video. Condition Report Excellent, very good, good or fair designation (if applicable). Physically-Backed NFTs are Currently Supported on Upcoming Protocols Introducing Tokenized Merch Connect physical merch to NFTs to unlock new value, introduce new primitives, and transform them into collectibles. + Learn More Latest Articles APR 20, 2023 - 5 MIN READ Introducing 4K Self-Serve Minting Requests 4K Protocol now makes it easier than ever to bridge your collectibles, merchandise, and luxury assets into Web3. 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 3 MIN READ On-Chain Everything Now you can unlock even more value from 4K Physically-Backed NFTs using the power of DeFi. 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 7 MIN READ 5 Ways NFTs can plug into DeFi Back in 2021, you couldn’t stop hearing about NFTs... 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 6 MIN READ The 4 Types of NFTs for Bringing Real World Assets On-Chain Bringing real world, physical objects on-chain has long been a “holy grail” for the world of crypto. 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 5 MIN READ Introducing 4K Self-Serve Minting Requests 4K Protocol now makes it easier than ever to bridge your collectibles, merchandise, and luxury assets into Web3. 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 3 MIN READ On-Chain Everything Now you can unlock even more value from 4K Physically-Backed NFTs using the power of DeFi. 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 7 MIN READ 5 Ways NFTs can plug into DeFi Back in 2021, you couldn’t stop hearing about NFTs... 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 6 MIN READ The 4 Types of NFTs for Bringing Real World Assets On-Chain Bringing real world, physical objects on-chain has long been a “holy grail” for the world of crypto. 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 5 MIN READ Introducing 4K Self-Serve Minting Requests 4K Protocol now makes it easier than ever to bridge your collectibles, merchandise, and luxury assets into Web3. 4K Protocol Blog APR 20, 2023 - 3 MIN READ On-Chain Everything Now you can unlock even more value from 4K Physically-Backed NFTs using the power of DeFi. 4K Protocol Blog &lt; &gt; Join the Community twitter Stay up to date with 4K and all things physical-digital. linkedin Get the latest company updates and exciting hiring opportunities. discord Chat with our team personally and ask your burning questions. youtube Where fun content, interviews, and tutorials live. Explore Vault Docs Whitepaper Participate Mint NFTs Become a Guardian Token Ecosystem Community Blog Twitter Discord Instagram Youtube LinkedIn © 2023 4k.com Privacy — Terms Join Our Newsletter 