 Activity Feed Market Yield Farming News Refer A Friend Communities Explore Signup | Login Actifit Login Sign Up Activity Feed Market Actifit: The 1st Social, Cross-Chain, Multi-Reward, Move-To-Earn Gamified Project..with a DeFi Twist! Using Actifit mobile app allows you to earn token rewards via auto-tracking your everyday activity. Rewards include AFIT tokens - Actifit's utility and reward token, but also HIVE, BLURT, SPORTS and other token rewards via upvotes on supported blockchains and partner communities. Earn tokens as simple as one two three 1. Download the Actifit mobile app.2. Go for a jog, walk your dog, mow your lawn, go to the gym, move around your office,... with an aim to reach a minimum of 5,000 activity count.3. Post a report via the app, and get rewarded! AFIT tokens AFIT tokens can be exchanged on Actifit Market to signup for fitness or nutrition related consultation sessions, buying ebooks, boosting your rewards via purchasing actifit based booster gadgets, or earning extra HIVE rewards! You can buy AFIT tokens on: Hive-Engine.com(Hive Version) Actifit DeFi (BSC Version)Pancakeswap(BSC Version)Digifinex (BSC Version)Dex-trade (BSC Version) Yield Farming with Actifit You can yield farm AFIT tokens if you are a token holder on Hive blockchain. Stake/Power Up to Hive Power , delegate to Actifit and earn your share of AFIT tokens pool distributed per day to our delegators, as well as a weekly share of the 5% beneficiary reward of actifit posts. Yield Farming Delegate Top Delegators View All Delegators Daily Leaderboard View Current Leaderboard Team Mohammad Farhat CEO &amp; Founder Alaa Farhat Business Development Manager Paul Jansen Operations Manager Rabih Farhat Finance Manager Katerina Ramoutsaki Social Media Manager Eugenio Pirillo Moderator Priyan Fareen Moderator Praveen Reddy Moderator Mike Gutman Moderator Elizabeth Gutman Moderator Partners Sports Talk Social Beach Ready Adventure Ready MarketSquare Ark Appics Nomics Infrastructure BLURT HIVE BNB CHAIN News Actifit Activity Feed Market Yield Farming Refer A Friend Whitepaper FAQ Hive Communities Explore Hive Official Hive Block Explorer Powered By HIVE Price Data provided By CoinGecko © Copyright Actifit 2023 | v1.4.5.3 | Privacy Policy | Terms &amp; Conditions We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Continuing to use the site represents your consent to this. More Info GOT IT! Actifit Info × Your VP (Voting Power) allows you to vote others and increase your &amp; their rewards. Leaving your VP at 100% wastes rewards for both you and other users. Maintaining your VP at a min of 80% daily is recommended. VP replenishes at a rate of 20% per day. Actifit Info × Your RC (Resource Credits) are what enables you to take actions on the Hive blockchain. Actions include posting, voting,... amongst others. RCs replenish at a rate of 20% per day. 