 Skip to content 0x9589014f7a8547b89a6331eeee32b7fbd5852af9 Copy English English Chinese <div class="elementor-element elementor-element-f861a1d elementor-nav-menu__align-justify elementor-nav-menu--dropdown-none elementor-hidden-mobile elementor-hidden-tablet elementor-widget elementor-widget-nav-menu" data-id="f861a1d" data-element_type="widget" data-settings="{&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;horizontal&quot;,&quot;submenu_icon&quot;:{&quot;value&quot;:&quot; &quot;,&quot;library&quot;:&quot;fa-solid&quot;}}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> Showroom Our Team Ironclad Paper Tokenomics Roadmap Media Showroom Our Team Ironclad Paper Tokenomics Roadmap Media Menu 3D TURN-BASED STRATEGY GAME. BUILD &amp; COMMAND YOUR FLEET OF TANKS TO CONQUER EARTH ZERO METAVERSE Twitter Telegram-plane Discord Facebook Tiktok Instagram Medium Youtube Game Guide Alpha &amp; Beta Game Achievement &gt; 0 Unique Wallets Connected &gt; 0 Total Battles &gt; 0 Game Site Sessions &gt; 0 Hours Tested &gt; 0 Feedback Received TEST DRIVE IN ALPHA GAME LAUNCH! 1,000,000 $A.O.T PRIZE POOL TO BE WON! START EARNING BRODIUM! 100 ORIGIN NFT TANKS TO BE WON! TEST DRIVE IN ALPHA GAME LAUNCH! 1,000,000 $A.O.T PRIZE POOL TO BE WON! START EARNING BRODIUM! 100 ORIGIN NFT TANKS TO BE WON! The First Military Strategic Metaverse Are you tired of NFT games that are only based on the technology, but lack engaging gameplay? If you’re tired of spending thousands of hours and not reaping and rewards? Look no further. WELCOME TO EARTH ZERO.Mine resources, build your NFT tanks and defend your territory against thousands of other players that will try to outsmart you! Are you ready to Earth Zero Metaverse Year 23100 The ozone layer that protected embraced the planet no longer exists. Exposed to harsh solar storms, the skies rage with turbulent winds. This is an age without oceans. This is an age without flight.This is an age where the fight for supremacy hinges on having the Ultimate Armoured Vehicle. For those who control the tanks control A.O.T and whoever controls A.O.T controls the Metaverse. Assemble your Tanks! Assemble your Team! 5 Rarity levels, 4 Tank parts, 3 Engine classes, empowered with offensive and defensive skills. Assemble the tank that best suits you and mint it into an NFT! Compete in the 1 v 1 arena. By upgrading speed, damage and defense class engines, create the perfect team synergy between your tanks and their skills. The First Military Strategic Metaverse Are you tired of NFT games that are only based on the technology, but lack engaging gameplay? If you’re tired of spending thousands of hours and not reaping and rewards? Look no further. WELCOME TO EARTH ZERO.Mine resources, build your NFT tanks and defend your territory against thousands of other players that will try to outsmart you! Are you ready to Earth Zero Metaverse Year 23100 The ozone layer that protected embraced the planet no longer exists. Exposed to harsh solar storms, the skies rage with turbulent winds. This is an age without oceans. This is an age without flight.This is an age where the fight for supremacy hinges on having the Ultimate Armoured Vehicle. For those who control the tanks control A.O.T and whoever controls A.O.T controls the Metaverse. Assemble your Tanks! Assemble your Team! 5 Rarity levels, 4 Tank parts, 3 Engine classes, empowered with offensive and defensive skills. Assemble the tank that best suits you and mint it into an NFT! Compete in the 1 v 1 arena. By upgrading speed, damage and defense class engines, create the perfect team synergy between your tanks and their skills. The First Military Strategic Metaverse Are you tired of NFT games that are only based on the technology, but lack engaging gameplay? If you’re tired of spending thousands of hours and not reaping and rewards? Look no further. WELCOME TO EARTH ZERO.Mine resources, build your NFT tanks and defend your territory against thousands of other players that will try to outsmart you! Are you ready to Earth Zero Metaverse Year 23100 The ozone layer that protected embraced the planet no longer exists. Exposed to harsh solar storms, the skies rage with turbulent winds. This is an age without oceans. This is an age without flight.This is an age where the fight for supremacy hinges on having the Ultimate Armoured Vehicle. For those who control the tanks control A.O.T and whoever controls A.O.T controls the Metaverse. Assemble your Tanks! Assemble your Team! 5 Rarity levels, 4 Tank parts, 3 Engine classes, empowered with offensive and defensive skills. Assemble the tank that best suits you and mint it into an NFT! Compete in the 1 v 1 arena. By upgrading speed, damage and defense class engines, create the perfect team synergy between your tanks and their skills. Previous slide Next slide PVE Campaign Brodium is the resource that can be earned by playing PVE campaign, and used to unlock mystery warchests to obtain crucial tank parts of different rarities to assemble War Tank NFTs! PVP Battle Conquest Showcase your tanks and skills in the 1v1 or 7v7 arenas to win $A.O.T tokens! The higher a gamer ranks, the better the rewards. Top gamers will also be rewarded at the end of the season! Guild Battle Join a guild, explore different guild facilities, and form lifelong allies who will fight alongside you to conquer the Metaverse! Be A Dominus Dominus owns Land &amp; Facility NFTs of extreme scarcity &amp; massive usages, making these NFTs greatly valuable &amp; highly sought after. Dominus is naturally empowered with authority &amp; massive wealth. AOT Facility NFTs Iron Forge, Brodium Mine, $A.O.T Refinery, Dome Nation, Guild Hall &amp; Concats Acamdey. With such power, the owner, known as Dominus, commands the Guild, Training &amp; the Capital! Champions Champions are fully customizable &amp; upgradable. Be equipped with formidable items, Play &amp; Lead your fleet to Victory as CHAMPIONS of the Earth Zero Metaverse! The Creators We Are The Next Generation We are here to blast the position of the leaders of our category. They were perfect for the time gone by, but time has changed. Let’s move on! We Are Builders We are here to build the gaming ecosystem of tomorrow, we are looking forward, not backwards. Things are growing, and we’ll never be done trying to do even better. We Are Confident We are never at loss for a word. We see what others do, and we know we can do better. We are never harsh, or gratuitously vicious, but always ready to find ways to top them. We Are Human We are not another faceless crypto company that people don’t understand a thing about. We are human, with our personalities and flaws. We show ourselves, are close to our community and embody our values and mission. Jackson Neo Co-Founder &amp; CEO Twitter Maestro Sim Co-Founder &amp; CMO Twitter Brian Tan COO Shaun Sung CXO Twitter The Advisors “ Meet the Zion Council, our group of trusted advisors, who offer us their wisdom and experience. Giving us the necessary guidance as we navigate the Nebuchadnezzar thru the world of GameFi and beyond!” Ross Soroka Co-Founder Atesis Captial Vickaash Agarwal CEO BlueWheel Capital Vincent Tse CEO Step VC Yida Gao General Partner Shima Capital Charlie Hu Managing Partner Lucid Blue Ventures Erik Mayer Co-Founder Unix Gaming Nicolas Le Bec CEO Red Swiss Capital Prakash Somosundram CEO Enjinstarter Ross Soroka Co-Founder Atesis Captial Vickaash Agarwal CEO BlueWheel Capital Vincent Tse CEO Step VC Yida Gao General Partner Shima Capital Charlie Hu Managing Partner Lucid Blue Ventures Erik Mayer Co-Founder Unix Gaming Nicolas Le Bec CEO Red Swiss Capital Prakash Somosundram CEO Enjinstarter Strategic Guilds Strategic GameFi Partners Strategic Partners Strategic Investors 0x9589014f7a8547b89a6331eeee32b7fbd5852af9 Copy Contract Address Buy On Farm &amp; Stake Powered by BNB $211.78 BNB -0.79% BUSD $1.00 BUSD 0% Age of Tanks $0.000343 A.O.T -0.58% BNB $211.78 BNB -0.79% BUSD $1.00 BUSD 0% Age of Tanks $0.000343 A.O.T -0.58% Contact Us Now! https://defination.studio support@ageoftanks.io Twitter Telegram-plane Discord Facebook Tiktok Instagram Medium Youtube Home Roadmap Ironclad Paper FAQ Tokenomics Marketplace Our Team © 2023 Age Of Tanks. Owned by DEFINATION Privacy &amp; Cookie Policy 