 Action Item : A griefing vector has been discovered in the protocol. Borrowers should repay loans. Lenders are not impacted. There will be a redeployment. Ajna Labs Website Markets Grants Team FAQ Contact Enter App Overview Markets Grants Docs Whitepaper Explain Like I’m 5 (ELI5) Terms and Privacy About Ajna Labs Team Brand FAQ DeFi Permissionless Lending Pools The Ajna Protocol is a noncustodial, peer-to-pool, permissionless lending, borrowing and trading system that requires no governance or external price feeds to function. The protocol consists of pools with lenders and borrowers. Whitepaper ETH / DAI 1.0 ETH Collateral / 1,265.88 DAI Quote Total Value Locked APR Ajna Burned in Auction $83,735,597.23 2.70% 957 About Borrow &amp; lend against your entire portfolio No permission | No governance | No PRICE FEEDS Innovative Design Ajna is a new protocol for transparent, permissionless lending and borrowing. More Truly Decentralized Ajna protocol operates without token whitelists, allowing users to permissionlessly lend and borrow. Interoperability Ajna supports both fungible and non-fungible (NFT) assets as collateral, and anyone can create a lending market. Verified Audits In addition to rigorous testing of our own, Ajna has code audits from industry leading agencies with verified reports. More Grant Coordination A new mechanism that allows for ecosystem participants to deploy a communal treasury into the public on a quarterly basis. Universal Ajna is fully automated. Once it's launched, the team will move on and cease to update or maintain the protocol. AJNA WORKS WITH MOST ERC-20 + ERC-721 TOKENS FUNGIBLE OR NFT wbtc eth usdc dai usdt bnb uni aave comp sushi shib matic mkr yfi ens audio dydx bal crv rpl hex link op bat cake mana bayc ajna Many more Team The Ajna TEAM is a set of builders with experience in crypto + tradfi Ed Noepel Software Lead Akash Patel Strategy Greg DiPrisco Economics / Strategy George Niculae Software / DevOPS Joseph Quintilian Strategy Ian Harvey Software / Product Mike Hathaway Software Matt Cushman Strategy Howard Malzberg Operations Tyler Lange Product Designer / UX Prateek Gupta Software David Utrobin Grants / Community Rocco Russo Front-End / SDK Andrii Iermakov Front-End / SDK Isaac Kang Front-End / SDK Lucas Manuel Advisor Bartek Kiepuszewski Advisor Meet the team Documentation Ajna Protocol Whitepaper Read Ajna SDK Documentation Coming Soon Ajna Explained ELI5 Roadmap August 2021 Inception Begin design October 2021 Team formation June 2022 Design complete Build features App UX Q3 / 2022 Code freeze Q1 / 2023 Sherlock 1st audit Trail of Bits audit Q2 / 2023 Quantstamp audit Prototech Labs audit Code4arena audit Sherlock 2nd audit Launch protocol Q3 / 2023 Protocol code runs independently FAQ What is the Ajna Protocol? The Ajna protocol is a noncustodial, peer-to-peer, permissionless lending, borrowing and trading system implemented for the Ethereum Virtual Machine that requires no governance or external price feeds to function. What assets can be lent and borrowed on Ajna? The protocol consists of pools: pairings of quote tokens provided by lenders and collateral tokens provided by borrowers. Ajna is capable of accepting fungible tokens (ERC-20) as quote tokens and fungible (ERC-20) as well as non-fungible (ERC-721) tokens as collateral tokens. There is no governance process or gating mechanism that controls which assets can be used in a pairing. How does Ajna work? Once a pairing of assets has been created, any user can come to the pool to lend or borrow quote token by pledging collateral. Lenders input a price that they’re willing to lend at (and conversely willing to purchase the collateral at) and borrowers are informed as to the best available liquidity for the amount of collateral they have. The smart contracts, using market mechanisms, manage liquidity, interest rates, and liquidations. Loans on Ajna are perpetual in nature and do not expire. More information on these mechanisms will be provided in the whitepaper on it’s release. Does Ajna use token governance to make changes to its smart contracts? No, Ajna is an immutable set of smart contracts that cannot be changed. If a new version of Ajna is deployed, existing liquidity will need to migrate to these new contracts. What chains are you going to deploy on and do you have any plans for deployment on an Ethereum L2? The protocol is written to work on any EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine) compatible chain. The first launch will be on the Ethereum Mainnet chain with secondary launches on various L2s and compatible L1s. More Contact Engage with the team, interact with the community, and help shape the future of decentralized finance. General Information Twitter @ajnafi Community involvement Discord server Community involvement GitHub code base No permission No price feeds No governance Borrow and lend against any asset in your entire portfolio Home Markets Grants Docs FAQ About Ajna Labs Team Brand Resources Whitepaper Eli5 Terms and Privacy Contact Contact Follow + DM Discord © 2023 Ajna Labs LLC. All rights reserved. | Made with love by Ajna Team 