 The Noah’s Ark dAPP has a new home dedicated to its evolution at NoahsArk.ai Home AI Protocol CharacterGPT V2 dApps Careers Research About English English Chinese(S) Chinese(T) Spanish Portuguese Turkish German Russian French Italian About ALI Alethea AI Is Proud to Introduce CharacterGPT V2 CharacterGPT, the world’s first Multimodal AI system capable of generating interactive AI characters from natural language descriptions, receives a significant upgrade that enhances its comprehension, generative capabilities, output diversity, and capacity to create higher fidelity characters. Backed By The Dawn Of the Generative Age In the same way that the internet revolutionized content distribution, AI is revolutionizing content creation. Large Language Models such as GPT-3 and ChatGPT, Text-to-Image Models like Stable Diffusion, DALL-E 2 and MidJourney, and now Alethea AI’s text-to-character AI system CharacterGPT mark the beginning of a new age in content creation. CharacterGPT V2 makes Text-To-Character a Reality CharacterGPT V2 introduces significant upgrades to the already-revolutionary AI system. It allows users to quickly generate interactive AI characters with higher fidelity appearances, voices, personalities, and identities. These generated AI characters can be tokenized on the blockchain, customized, and trained to fulfill a variety of roles and tasks. CharacterGPT V2 also introduces improved comprehensive capabilities, resulting in improved understanding of user requests and interactions that are more engaging. Get CharacterGPT V2 Access Get CharacterGPT Access Ownable Generative Interoperable Customizable Ownable Generative Interoperable Customizable Ownable 1 2 3 4 Get CharacterGPT V2 Access CharacterGPT V2 can be used to create AI Characters for a wide variety of use cases: Previous digital twins Digital Guides Digital Companions Virtual Assistants Licensed AI Collectibles AI NPCs Parody &amp; Satire Next Try CharacterGPT V2 at: MyCharacter.ai is the first external decentralized application (dApp) built on the AI Protocol that makes CharacterGPT V2 widely accessible, enabling the generation of realistic, interactive, and emotionally expressive AI Characters that are tokenizable on the blockchain. Visit MyCharacter.ai Visit MyCharacter.ai Alethea AI and the AI Protocol Alethea AI is a research and development studio building at the intersection of two of the most transformative technologies of our time: Generative AI and Blockchain. Our mission is to use these technologies to enable decentralized ownership and democratic governance of AI. We believe the key to achieving our mission is to partner and work with those who share our values to advance the development and adoption of the AI Protocol. AI Protocol The AI Protocol is the property rights backbone for the generative AI economy. Its suite of decentralized smart contracts enables ownership, interoperability, and governance of AI Characters and Assets. Alethea AI is a proud contributor to the AI Protocol. learn more AI Systems The AI Protocol connects developers of AI systems with those seeking to customize, utilize, or integrate them in decentralized applications. Alethea AI’s CharacterGPT is the first of many such cutting-edge AI systems that will be available within the Intelligence Layer of the AI Protocol. learn more dApps The AI Protocol offers a suite of tools for anyone looking to build AI-powered dApps: no-code smart contracts deployment, gasless transactions, multi-blockchain compatibility, non-custodial wallet creation, in-app tokens to credit conversions, and much more. learn more Advantages of Tokenizing AI Characters on the AI Protocol Provable Ownership The AI characters exist on the blockchain as NFTs, enabling their creators to verify their ownership without third-party confirmation. Data Sovereignty The digital labor of the tokenized AI characters benefits their owners, who also can curate and customize the datasets that are added to the knowledge bases of their AI characters. Character Assets The tokenized AI characters can generate and own a variety of AI Assets that exist on The AI Protocol and can be traded with others. Intelligence Customization The tokenized AI characters have upgradable intelligence, allowing for the evolution of their personality, and can be trained on specific data by their owners. Decentralized Interoperability The AI characters are interoperable across dApps on The AI Protocol, enabling their utilization across the ecosystem, and providing dApps with a diverse user base. The AI Protocol utilizes the Artificial Liquid Intelligence (ALI) Utility Token The ALI Utility Token is the native ERC-20 utility token of the AI Protocol , serving to govern, regulate, and enable transactions between the participants of the AI Protocol. Learn More About the ALI Utility Token Enables transactions within the AI Protocol Enables access to AI Systems like CharacterGPT Enables the creation of iNFTs Enables Governance of the AI Protocol Enables transactions between iNFTs Enables Intelligence Upgrades for iNFTs Enables transactions within the AI Protocol Enables access to AI Systems like CharacterGPT Enables the creation of iNFTs Enables Governance of the AI Protocol Enables transactions between iNFTs Enables Intelligence Upgrades for iNFTs Enables transactions within the AI Protocol 1 2 3 4 5 6 Learn More About the ALI Utility Token The ALI Utility Token Enables Moderation and Governance Generative AI Systems create immense potential for harmful and malicious actions. However, if provided the right framework, the AI Protocol’s community has the capacity to efficiently moderate and govern itself. The AI Protocol features built-in mechanisms that allow the ALI utility token to function as a tool against malicious actors and ensure that the AI Protocol stays true to the values enshrined in its community-approved constitution. Decentralized Governance The ALI utility token empowers the AI Protocol community in shaping its policies, rules, and constitution. This helps ensure that the right balance is achieved between reducing malicious actors and protecting creative freedom. Content Moderation Council The ALI utility token holders elect members to the Content Moderation Council, which serves to review any flagged characters or reported malicious content within the AI Protocol that violates its Constitution or policies. Phased Deployment The ALI Utility Token can be used by iNFTs for reputational staking to access more sensitive and powerful AI Systems. This provides an incentive for the iNFT and the dApp being powered through it to not engage in malicious activity. Stay Connected Sign up for our newsletter to stay updated about Alethea AI Subscribe AletheaAI is building a progressively decentralized &amp; permissionless protocol - enabling the creation of AI assets, characters, and dApps, governed by the community. Explore About Us AI Protocol Research API Privacy Policy Terms of Service community © Copyright 2023, All Rights Reserved by Alethea AI This website uses cookies We use necessary cookies to provide website functionality and security. We also use cookies to analyze traffic on our website, personalize content and improve user experience. These will be set only if you accept these cookies, You can read about how we use cookies in our Privacy Policy Reject Accept Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate <iframe sandbox="allow-scripts" srcdoc=" 