 Play Now PlayNow Community Community Grants Grants Blog Blog play play &amp; earn play &amp; earn mining mining teleport teleport missions missionsresources technical blueprint technical blueprint documentation documentation binance research report binance research reportabout stats stats faq &amp; support faq &amp; supportnews blog blog announcements announcementsGalactic Hubs Grants Program Grants Program Mission Mission Application Login Application Login _Increasing the Syndicate Treasuries The Holoform Mystery The contest revolves around a simple target: When the staked Trilium across the six Planets increases to 42,000,000 or approximately a 30% increase, the Syndicates’ treasury drip rate will increase from its current 2% to 4%. Read More _Alien Worlds Master the Metaverse Alien Worlds is a Metaverse built by its community. Collect and play with NFTs, build with the Planetary Syndicates, and more! Play Now _NFTs Series 2, Emergence Outpost Unveils Powerful New Tools The mint race heats up with the release of ten new Tool NFTs, available in the Outpost. Find Out More _Attention landowners! MEGA Boost &amp; SUPER Boost NFTs NEW LAND BOOST OPTIONS ARE NOW AVAILABLE Find out more _NFT Season 16 LESSONS IN LORE Throughout the summer the Outpost has offered a fantastic variety of Alien Worlds NFTs for savvy Explorers to acquire for their personal collections... Visit Outpost Read More _Galactic Hubs Pioneer Grants Submit Your Pioneer Grant Application to Galactic Hubs Now! Apply Now Find Out More _Now Live Join A Planetary Syndicate Built on DAO technology, Planetary Syndicates have vast treasuries at their disposal to expand Alien Worlds. Join a Syndicate Read More _Built by the Community Alien Worlds is a built by Explorers like you. Here's what members of the community are building, hosting, and playing! Battledome Season two of the Battledome is live! Earn weekly rewards and compete for your share of newly added Trilium prizes! Learn more Mission Control Mission control is a weekly quest game where players earn a portion of a Trilium prize pool for participating. Learn more JR's Lands Mine on Jr's lands and earn NFTs in this ongoing circus themed event. The first 10 players to mine each hour get a free NFT! Learn more ZOS &amp; Alien Worlds Play with Alien Worlds NFTs in this zombie survival game! Complete supply runs as sa a team or on your own if you can. Learn more _Collect and Play with NFTs Alien Worlds NFTs can be used to build games, applications, events, and experiences. Kickstart your collection of NFTs to get started! 1 Trilium The fungible token that powers Alien Worlds 2 NFT Items Earn NFT items to help you navigate the metaverse. You can collect exotic avatars, weapons, tools, and more 3 Virtual Land Only 3,343 land NFTs were created. Earn TLM everytime Explorers mine on your land! _Galactic Hubs Galactic Hubs provides grant funding year round to capable teams to build Alien Worlds games, tools, events, and more!Submit your application to build in Alien Worlds today! Learn More _Need Help? Explore our knowledge base, submit a ticket, or read the FAQ. Your answers can be found here. Getting Started Guide Read Guide Knowledge Base Search the metaversal knowledge base for the information you need Learn More Submit A Ticket Submit a ticket to the metaversal help desk. Submit Ticket _As Featured On Bloomberg Real Vision MSNBC Nasdaq CNBC Coindesk Decrypt Statista Jumpstart Magazine Forkast Forbes India Reuters Financial Times Cointelegraph Blick Daily Mail _Partners Binance Coinmarketcap Animoca Brands CoinGecko OMA3 Zilliqa Coinbase Wallet Object Computing Sandbox _Alien Worlds is a Founding Member of OMA3 OMA3™ is a collaboration of Web3 metaverse platform creators that ensures virtual land, digital assets, ideas, and services are highly interoperable and transparent. OMA3™ is open to all Web3 metaverse builders. Visit OMA3 _Stay up to date on everything Alien Worlds Submit I have read and accept the Terms &amp; Privacy Submit play play &amp; earn play &amp; earn mining mining teleport teleport missions missionsresources technical blueprint technical blueprint documentation documentation binance research report binance research reportabout stats stats faq &amp; support faq &amp; supportnews blog blog announcements announcementsGalactic Hubs Grants Program Grants Program Mission Mission Application Login Application Login General Terms &amp; Conditions Planetary Syndicate Council Policy F.A.Q. Syndicates (DAOs) Explorer Station Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Security Audit Galactic Hubs Terms and Conditions Manage Cookies telegram twitter discord instagram twitch trustpilot medium youtube reddit fandom General Terms &amp; Conditions Planetary Syndicate Council Policy F.A.Q. Syndicates (DAOs) Explorer Station Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Security Audit Galactic Hubs Terms and Conditions Manage Cookies Dacoco GmbH COPYRIGHT DACOCO GMBH 2023, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This site is using cookies to improve your visiting experience. Accept Manage Cookies 