 Tournaments Leaderboard Blog Connect Wallet Engage in the Ultimate Crypto Tournament Transform your trading skills into real profits. Navigate the mechanics of our unique crypto tournament and experience play to earn like never before. Connect Wallet Join Now Step into the Play to Earn Crypto Game: Time's Ticking 0.005 ETH saved in prize pool Join Now How to Join a Tournament 1. Connect your wallet Sign in by connecting your MetaMask wallet to your account. 2. Submit your analysis Submit your analysis for the daily candle's closing price. Your entry will be securely recorded on the blockchain. 3. Wait for the Outcome After making your prediction, sit tight until the daily candle closes to reveal the actual price. 4. Claim Your Rewards If your analysis was accurate, you‘re a winner! Collect your score and a share from the prize pool. Climb the Leaderboard in Our Crypto Trading Simulator Step into the arena of our trading simulator and compete for top ranks. Showcase your skills on our leaderboard, as you engage in various crypto tournaments. Earn not just crypto but also trading expertise. Explore Your Questions Why am I being asked to sign in? (Sign In With Ethereum) Well, you‘re essentially just signing a transaction to demonstrate your identity. Nothing more, nothing less. Using your private key to sign a transaction proves that you‘re the account holder, and have the authority to use that account on the Alphaders. Learn more I'm having trouble with the communication between Alphaders and my wallet. What can I do? We understand the importance of seamless wallet integration. If you're experiencing any connectivity or communication issues between Alphaders and your wallet, we recommend accessing Alphaders using the Metamask browser. This often resolves any integration hiccups. Simply use the following link to access Alphaders with Metamask Open Metamask Show more Shape Your Trading Persona with Alphader Profiles Construct your Alphader persona and flaunt your trading prowess in our simulated environment. Merge the thrill of play to earn crypto games with the adrenaline of crypto poker. Become a recognizable figure in the crypto trading world. Join Now Blog Tournament Rules Privacy &amp; Policy FAQ © 2023 Alphaders. All rights reserved. 