 Activate a code How does it work? Artists Become an ampy artist Login Login Sign up Sign up 🇫🇷 🇺🇸 🇫🇷 🇺🇸 A new way to connect artists &amp; fans Support your favorite artists &amp; enjoy exclusive benefits by collecting unique collectibles. Activate a code Our partners Latest release Discover the Ampy x Jain collection. The Fool New beginnings are drawn in the Marseille tarot cards, what will yours be? The Fool is an album about all the stages we go through when we make a new decision: love, fear, excitement, innocence, doubts, letting go, and all the personal findings that come with it. The cosmic Tarot de Marseille drawn by Jain accompanies us in this exploration, as a creative and playful purpose to question the secret trails of life.... See the collection Redeem a code Exclusive content Accessible only by owning the linked collectible. Merchandising, songs, free concerts… There will be something for everyone. Only for you. A free platform By supporting your artist, you obtain the right to recover your collectible, completely free of charge. A code, a collectible Get a one-time and permanent code, activate it on ampy and get an exclusive collectible linked to the artist. Keep your collectible for ever Once the code is used and the collectible is collected, it will be yours forever. Its related advantages too. But it is up to you to resell it or not. Activate your code Receive a code by supporting your favorite artists and activate it to begin your Ampy journey 01 Get your collectible By obtaining your collectibles, affirm your status as a super-fan and be recognized as such 02 Get many rewards Via your collectible you can obtain concert tickets, merchandise, exclusive music, meetings with your favorite artists and much more… 03 How to enjoy my content? Find all our tutorials to understand how ampy works. Get an exclusive code. To acquire a collectible on ampy, you must obtain a code. Find out how. #Ampy Claim your collectible on a wallet. To claim and hold your collectible forever, follow this tutorial. #Blockchain Sell your collectible on the secondary market. As a collector, you may wish to sell on the secondary market to obtain a higher rarity or to make a profit. #Marketplace See all our articles Reward the artists, At fair value. Music is the most important art in our lives, but it is also the least valued. It's time for change. Activate a code A new way to own… And collect By reforming music ownership, owning will never have the same meaning again. Who has never wanted a collection of eternal memories? Create an Ampy account Chat with the ampy community Join our Discord now to chat with other music fans and your favourite artists! Join the Discord need some help ? What is a collectible? ampy collectibles are a digital version of a CD stored on the blockchain. What's the point? Collectibles can be used in many ways. It can be a simple digital work, sheet music, an album, and much more... This collectible can also carry exclusive benefits such as discounts, access to private fan groups, concert tickets, and so on. How to get one? During this v1 of ampy, all you have to do is pre-order the album of one of the partnering artists. A code giving you access to the collectible will be included for free with the album. Then simply use the code on this site. see all questions/answers Contact the ampy team I am -- Select an option -- An ampy user An artist / a label An angel investor 🇫🇷 🇺🇸 ampy is a music platform to connect artists and fans like never before. Collect digital collectibles to enjoy exclusive benefits. Navigation Activate a code How does it work? Artists Become an ampy artist © Copyright 2023 ampy.co - All rights reserved. Legal Notice &nbsp;|&nbsp; Privacy Policy &nbsp;|&nbsp; General Terms and Conditions of Use &nbsp;|&nbsp; Media Kit We use cookies to provide a better user experience. Accept Decline Privacy Policy ✕ Hey! How can I help you? Do you need some information? You can chat in any language, but I'm better at English 😊 