 RPC A B C 20:11:46 Buy Packs Inventory Decks Battle Marketplace Info Leaderboards Whitepaper RPC A B C Login Apex Conquest Apex Conquest is a true Metaverse game on the WAX Blockchain! Use tokens from a variety of games to build a strike force and fight back the forces of the Dark Gate! Collection The Commanders To Assault the Dark Gate , someone must lead your Strike Force! Learn more Each Strike Force, or Deck, needs one Commander in addition to exactly 10 Troop units . Upon success, your Commander will gain one “Experience” or “XP” which modifies your success chance and loot returns on future assaults! While troops can perish, Commanders cannot ! However, they won’t gain XP if the attack is a failure. Charles Lancaster A decorated Officer and Champion of the Humans . Charles the Sabre Lancaster is a cunning strategist and excellent duelist despite his advancing age. If a decisive victory is the goal, Lancaster is the human for the task! The Troops Meet the Soldiers who will live and die for you! Whenever you attack the Dark Gate , between 0 and 4 of your Troops will perish. Their brave sacrifice will be long remembered by the realm! Learn more Our troop units each have two stats that function distinctly: first, their “Combat Power” which is represented by the first number! This number is directly related to the success chance of attacking the Dark Gate! The second number is the unit's “Carrying Capacity” which determines how much loot you’ll be carrying back if your attack is successful! This number is calculated when you send your units, and so is not negatively affected by any losses your forces sustained! How will you choose to balance your deck, with a very high success chance but lower reward, to level your Commander faster? A balanced returns and success approach? A returns focused, lower success chance effort? The choice is yours! Infantry (4/1) Pikeman (5/1) Archer (4/5) Scout (4/7) Grenadier (6/1) Horsecart (2/8) About Apex Conquest is a collection created by APEX NFT Brasil with help from Blockchain Game Designer “Aridhol” from Metasource Games! APEX NFT Brasil Development team Apex NFT Brasil is a frontend &amp; WAX development company founded in October 2021. They're the engineering team behind Apex Conquest, Castles NFT and Dark Galaxies. Victor “Ferrari” Lopes APEX NFT Brasil CEO A Physicist by training (Rice University &amp; NYU), Victor has drifted from academia to blockchain game development. Under his leadership, Apex NFT has become a staple in the WAX industry. Joshua “Aridhol” Cantrell Game Designer Aridhol is an avid gamer and designer, creativity and mathematics are his specialty! In his spare time he can’t help but to design new games - board games, card games, or video games! Yes, he knows he has a problem! Faqs I. What is an NFT An “NFT” stands for a Non-fungible token” which essentially means it is a verified digital asset! Every NFT is unique and is identified by its mint number! You have control over what you do with your assets! II. What is a blockchain? A Blockchain is a technology that validates actions in a decentralized way through the processing of units of data called “blocks” that are linked in a sequential order that is called, you guessed it, a “chain” - it's an amazing technology that is set to revolutionize the world! III. How do I create an account? You don’t need to create an account on our site specifically, but you do need a WAX wallet! You can get one easily from Wax Wallet - this is sufficient for most users! If you want to handle your own private keys because you’re an experienced user, then you can look into Greymass Anchor as a great option! IV. Now that I have an account, can I get an NFT? You can find NFTs in the secondary marketplace here V. How do I add WAXP to my account? WAXP, the commonly used token on the WAX Blockchain, can be found from a variety of exchanges including Binance, Crypto.com, Kucoin, and more! We suggest looking at a site like Coin Market to check for the most convenient exchange! VI. Do you have a whitepaper I can look at? Of course! Click here to see our Whitepaper . © 2023 Apex Conquest . All rights reserved. © 2023 Apex Conquest . All rights reserved. Apex NFT Brasil Rua Quinze de Novembro, 3318. São Carlos - SP, Brazil - CEP: 13569-220, CNPJ: 43.854.435/0001-06 © 2023 Apex Conquest . All rights reserved. Designed &amp; Engineered by Apex NFT Brasil 