 We are excited to announce that Archethic Bridge $UCO one-way is live! Learn more Ecosystem Governance Archethic (UCO) Developers Lab Community Roadmap Buy UCO Buy UCO Archethic (UCO) Ecosystem Governance Archethic (UCO) Developers Lab Community Roadmap Welcome to the empowered {Humans; Nature; Apps} era of Web3 Empower {Humans; Nature; Apps} era of Web3 Archethic gives back to humanity control over technology, and to each individual, control over their identity Go to Bridge $UCO one-way Buy UCO Interested to know more, read our White Paper Yellow Paper Tokenomics Get Archethic Wallet Who’s Building on Archethic? Overview of Archethic Blockchain Ecosystem The technical and functional parameters that make Archethic unique and ready for global adoption Limitless Network With a scalability &gt;1 Million TPS, validation time &lt; 5 sec, capability to handle up to 90% maliciousness, 3.6 billion times less energy consumption than Bitcoin and $0.01 transaction fee, the transactions outperform market standards. + Super Fast &amp; Limitless Without impacting the global validation, the heuristic polymorphic replication provides a linear increase of the capacity (in storage and number of validations) allowing us to reach 1 MILLION TPS Safest Beyond just PoW (51%) or dBFT (66%), Archethic implements a consensus that can handle 90% of malicious miners and decentralized security based on the standards of aviation safety (fraud risk &lt; 10 -9 ). Earth Friendly 3.6 Billion times less energy consumption than Bitcoin by using the ARCH consensus based on heuristic miners' election and a polymorphic worldwide replication. Each transaction only needs 0.42w vof energy. Unlimited Applications Our blockchain platform aims to replace and to improve all current applications with a comprehensive and open ecosystem, allowing people to move from the trust imposed by centralized to a decentralized system. + AEWeb One app for website maintenance, security, handling and costing on the blockchain at a fraction of the current hosting costs! Learn More AEMail Email Redefined! An all-in-one email, messaging, wallet and payments app that provides the full suite for a user. Coming Soon Decentralized Identity Your identity is your right. With Archethic, you can access your identity but no one owns it. The security and threat issues that centralized systems pose helped us realize that self-sovereign identity is needed now more than ever. + Have you ever wondered how many times your identity is exploited without your knowledge by centralized monopolies or even your favorite merchant site? The world wants you to believe that ownership doesn’t matter. We are here to change that narrative. Identity is not just about ownership but control and freedom. Archethic provides interoperable decentralized identity management using both the traditional key management as well as our crypto-biometrics key management solution. Enter the era of innovation and decentralized identity that is yours to own and control. Super Fast &amp; Limitless Without impacting the global validation, the heuristic polymorphic replication provides a linear increase of the capacity (in storage and number of validations) allowing us to reach 1 MILLION TPS transactions per second. Safest Beyond just PoW (51%) or dBFT (66%), Archethic implements a consensus that can handle 90% of malicious miners and decentralized security based on the standards of aviation safety (fraud risk &lt; 10 -9 ). Earth Friendly 3.6 Billion times less energy consumption than Bitcoin by using the ARCH consensus based on heuristic miners' election and a polymorphic worldwide replication. Each transaction only needs 0.42w of energy. AEWeb One app for website maintenance, security, handling and costing on the blockchain at a fraction of the current hosting costs! Learn More AEMail Email Redefined! An all-in-one email, messaging, wallet and payments app that provides the full suite for a user. Coming Soon Have you ever wondered how many times your identity is exploited without your knowledge by centralized monopolies or even your favorite merchant site? The world wants you to believe that ownership doesn’t matter. We are here to change that narrative. Identity is not just about ownership but control and freedom. Archethic provides interoperable decentralized identity management using both the traditional key management as well as our crypto-biometrics key management solution. Enter the era of innovation and decentralized identity that is yours to own and control. 10110110100110001011000 00001010001010011110000 Control your things / ID Protect your assets Native Payments Vote and so many things How Archethic scales up to other blockchains? Archethic Bitcoin Ethereum 2.0 BSC Avalanche Solana Consensus Mechanism ARCH PoW PoS PoSA DAG PoH Validation Time &lt; 5 sec 10 min 15 sec 3 sec 3 sec 8 sec Transaction / sec &gt; 1 million 7 15000 62 4500 65000 Consensus Security 97.5% 51% 66% 66% 66% 66% Data Management Geo-Secured Sharding No Sharding Sharding Sharding Sharding No Sharding P2P Layer Supervised Multicast Gossip Gossip Gossip Gossip Gossip DeFi on chain Yes No No No No No On-chain governance Yes No No Yes No No Fees $0.01 $8 $4 $0.35 $0.000004 $0.00025 Native Biometric Identification Yes No No No No No * Data in table can be changed according to future developments of various projects Governance The decision making bodies of Archethic Blockchain Foundation Archethic foundation is a non-profit organization whose vision is the promotion of the Archethic Public Blockchain Protocol. It considers Archethic as a project – where a solid technical foundation is a key to winning the marathon race to global adoption. Its role is to sustainably deploy resources that are under control to support the long-term success of Archethic. This long-term success will only be possible with a vibrant decentralized ecosystem. Foundation Website Coming Soon An inclusive, generously incentivized, and on-chain Governance Decentralized Identity &amp; Proof of Identity An essential prerequisite for a human-inclusive governance in blockchain is the ability of the ecosystem to uniquely identify a person and to integrate that person into a relevant group. Learn more On-Chain Governance The code used by the nodes is hosted by the Blockchain itself, so the network is certain that all the nodes will immediately apply the decided updates along with the ability to test the impact of a new feature in real-time. Learn more Modifiable Smart-Contract Each smart-contract is stored in the form of a specific transaction chain allowing the network to version (git...) all updates, and also to force each update according to a specific governance (voting quorum, veto right...). Learn more Generous Incentives Financing the work associated with updates, new features, and contributions is an essential element. The network has a reserve of one-third of the tokens for this purpose. Learn more Archethic (UCO) UCO is the cryptocurrency that runs the Archethic Public Blockchain Buy UCO here UCO - Programmed to grow Archethic, an open-source public blockchain is an infrastructure that is fuelled by its native cryptocurrency and should ideally scale to the sum of its individual nodes’ performance. It needs to be designed in such a way that it is a self-sustaining economy run by the people, for the people. UCO is based on the principle of controlled supply and creating demand. For further information read the Tokenomics Paper below. 0.0 Market Cap 1B Total Supply $ USD Price 216M Circulating Supply Fibonacci Golden Token Economics To achieve the objective of a self-sustaining crypto economy, the token distribution has been redefined. The transactions growth, users growth ans developers growth based on the set of commissioned applications has been analysed. The cost of running the nodes has been calculated and the adoption and incentivization has been designed to ensure the sustenance of nodes. TOKENOMICS PAPER Developers Welcome to the Archethic Developer Portal to discover all there is to Archethic. Explore it's architecture, ecosystem, deploy smart contracts and be ready to build ! Explore the Documentation Contribute to Earn UCO Join our ecosystem Interested in joining the most advanced Blockchain protocol in the world. Join our discord community. Discord SDK The Software Development Kit (SDK) to build applications on top of Archethic blockchain. Js SDK Dart SDK Mainnet Interested to build applications on top of Archethic blockchain - explore and try out your application on mainnet. Explore Mainnet Lab Archethic Lab is the manual for the latest tech and product updates on the Archethic ecosystem. By the builders, for the builders! AEWeb Redefined AEWeb is the first application on the Archethic blockchain where you can deploy your website on the Archethic blockchain. With more than 200K+ small and medium sized websites created everyday, its security, operation and maintainance is a huge cost. The new version of AEWeb Cli is more enhanced where users can deploy file, folder and website easily. Learn More Testnet Faucet Archethic Testnet offers a faucet by which a user gets a free fund transfer of 100 UCO into their wallet addresses. These funds are mainly utilised by users to experiment with the several Testnet features before they are ready to invest in the respective project. This also mitigates any risk of using real world tokens to try out something that is still in an experimental stage. Learn More Beacon Explorer Beacon Chains are the chains that coordinate the Archethic network! They are responsible for global synchronization &amp; lists all network states &amp; transactions &amp; summarises them every day. Beacon Explorer is the outcome of exploring all the contents of beacon &amp; beacon summary transactions which are responsible for global sync with the network. Learn More Archethic Wallet Archethic Mobile Wallet is one of the ways you can interact with Archethic blockchain. It supports transactions and fund transfers of UCO Tokens and NFTs on Archethic Testnet. Also you can use your 24 words mneumonic to restore your wallet and use that on Archethic blockchain. Upcoming feature includes NFTs support for wallet, yubico key and ledger key. Learn More Visit Archethic Lab Community Developers, investors, crypto-enthusiasts and everyday users around the world are working together to build a trusted digital era. Come join the global Archethic community. Global Tech Update Partnership Go to Blog Roadmap Our proud milestones, that are being achieved rapidly Q3 2019 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;TGE (Token Generation Event) Q4 2019 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;White paper ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;First commit blockchain ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Technology Certification for Olympics Paris 2024 Q2 2020 First releases ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;ARCH Consensus ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Smart Contract ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;BeaconChain ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Archethic Explorer Q3 2020 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;SDK JS 1st release Q2 2021 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;SDK Dart 1st release Q3 2021 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Oracle Chain, Beacon Explorer ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Wallet 1st release ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Mainnet Alpha Q4 2021 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Rebranding Archethic Ecosystem ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;New Tokenomics ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;UCO Burn ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;AEWeb 1st release Q1 2022 Partnerships ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Professional Genius ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Zamio ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Betswirl Q2 2022 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;New data layer ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Keychain &amp; DID ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Archethic Improvement Proposal ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Token standard ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Miner rewards for new token economic ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Uniris joins the Archethic ecosystem ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Wallet - Mobile biometrics smartphone integration Q3 2022 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Mainnet Bug Bounty program ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Mainnet Beta ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Ennea partnership Q4 2022 Ecosystem ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;White Paper rework Mining Paper ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;International Marketing Campaign Ambassador Program New partnerships ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Dev community ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Metaverse ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;NFT ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Biometric ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Wallet Tracker ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Avatar Digitalisation Blockchain ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Bridge $UCO ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;AEIP: UTXO hooks Transaction fee finalization ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;First release - Interface miner SDK ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;AEWeb SDK ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Github Actions AEWeb Publication Dec 2022 ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Archethic Reveal Launch&nbsp;&nbsp;🚀 Q1 2023 Ecosystem Foundation website Archethic Website - Transak Deployment Blockchain ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Load/Stress testing &amp; Benchmarks Testnet mining to anyone ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Smart Contract Enhancements ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;OnChain governance &amp; Hot reload ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;BeaconChain network coordinates ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;AEIP: DID &amp; Verifiable Credentials AEWeb SSL automation: 2nd phase ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;AEIP: Soul Bounded Token Archethic Explorer - 2nd release - Rebranding and rework ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;SDK - Golang &amp; Archethic CLI Wallet ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Interactions/Interoperability with DApps ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Linux Version Secured instant messenger NFT Collection Bridge $UCO Integration AEWeb ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;AEWeb Front 1st release DApps ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;NFT Collection generator - 1st release Q2 2023 Ecosystem ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Foundation Incorporation White paper - Rebranding Website - Rebranding Tokenomics - Rebranding New partnerships Market Maker LaunchPad Blockchain ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Network industrialisation &amp; stabilisation Miners deployment ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;R&amp;D: Node gamification Yubikey integration FIDO2 &amp; WebAuthN Access ✔&nbsp;&nbsp;Playground Smart Contracts - code editor rebranding Archethic Name Service (Aliases &amp; DNS) Wallet Web/Desktop version UX/UI Host Wallet on AEWeb Transak Deployment Q3 2023 Blockchain R&amp;D: Malicious detection algorithm AEIP: Stock &amp; Marketplace Wallet FIDO2 &amp; WebAuthN Access Q4 2023 Ecosystem Archethic Mining Open to the Public Bridge multi-assets DEX Staking CEX Listing Easter Egg launch Hackathon Blockchain Oracle Chain new services R&amp;D: Prediction module AE Mail - 1st release Ledger Nano S integration (dev mode) 2024 Ecosystem Archethic Biometrics Archethic Dapp Incubator Wallet Multi-chains interoperability Mobile Node Management First release About Foundation Brand Assets Blog Terms of use Technology White Paper Yellow Paper Documentation Developers Github Discord SDK-Js SDK-Dart Community Twitter Instagram Telegram Youtube Medium Archethic (UCO) Buy UCO CoinMarketCap CoinGecko Etherscan Keep updated with the latest happening of Archethic blockchain ! Subscribe to our newsletter Archethic © 2023 All rights reserved. Terms of Use These Terms of Use apply to www.archethic.net as well as any other affiliated sites, digital services, or applications on which a link to these Terms of Use appears (collectively, the " Website") and apply to all visitors. These Terms of Use and any other terms that appear on the page from which you were directed to these Terms of Use govern your use of the Website. By accessing the Website, you agree to be legally bound by the Terms of Use then in effect. Please also refer to the relevant additional legal information applicable to your country. These Terms of Use as well as the information and materials contained in the Website are subject to change at any time and from time to time, without notice. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, do not use the Website. The Website and all information and functionalities contained within them are not directed at or intended for use by any person resident or located in any jurisdiction where (1) the distribution of such information or functionality is contrary to the laws of such jurisdiction; or (2) such distribution is prohibited without obtaining the necessary licenses or authorizations by the relevant branch, subsidiary or affiliate office of Foundation and such licenses or authorizations have not been obtained. Unless specifically stated otherwise, all price information is indicative only. No representation or warranty, either express or implied, is provided in relation to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the materials, nor are they a complete statement of the securities, markets or developments referred to herein. The materials should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for the exercise of their own judgment. All information and materials published, distributed or otherwise made available on the Website are provided for informational purposes, for your non-commercial, personal use only. No information or materials published on the Website constitutes a solicitation, an offer, or a recommendation to buy or sell any investment instruments, to effect any transactions, or to conclude any legal act of any kind whatsoever. Foundation does not provide investment, legal or tax advice through the Website and nothing herein should be construed as being financial, legal, tax or other advice. Your use of the Website is at your own risk. The Website, together with all content, information and materials contained therein, is provided "as is" and "as available", without any representations or warranties of any kind. Any materials, information or content accessed, downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Website is done at your own risk and Foundation is not responsible for any damage to your computer systems or loss of data that results from the download of such material. To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event shall Foundation or our affiliates, or any of our directors, employees, contractors, service providers or agents have any liability whatsoever to any person for any direct or indirect loss, liability, cost, claim, expense or damage of any kind, whether in contract or in tort, including negligence, or otherwise, arising out of or related to the use of all or part of the Website, or any links to third party websites. Foundation shall not be liable to you or anybody else for any damages incurred in connection with any messages sent to Foundation using ordinary E-mail or any other electronic messaging system. Nothing in this website is an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any tokens. Archethic is publishing this website solely to receive feedback and comments from the public. If and when Archethic offers for sale any tokens (or a Simple Agreement for Future Tokens), it will do so through definitive offering documents, including a disclosure document and risk factors. Those definitive documents also are expected to include an updated version of this website, which may differ significantly from the current version. If and when Archethic makes such an offering in the United States, the offering likely will be available solely to accredited investors. Nothing in this website should be treated or read as a guarantee or promise of how Archethic’s business or the tokens will develop or of the utility or value of the tokens. This website outlines current plans, which could change at its discretion, and the success of which will depend on many factors outside Archethic’s control, including market-based factors and factors within the data and cryptocurrency industries, among others. Any statements about future events are based solely on Archethic’s analysis of the issues described in this website. That analysis may prove to be incorrect. 