 Connect Flights Hotel (Soon) Villa (Soon) Yacht (Soon) P2P (Soon) Space (Soon) White Paper Contact Us Legal Connect English ₮ USDT Round-trip space tickets are soon here with the power of Crypto. Where would you like to travel on our planet for now? Flights Round Trip Round Trip One Way 1 Traveler Adults Over 11 years - 1 + Children 2-11 years - 0 + Infants Under 2 years - 0 + Economy Economy Economy Premium Business First Class Mon October 9 Mon October 16 Search Flight Featured Destinations Switch Location You can discover popular routes and book cheap. ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Welcome to&nbsp; Ariva.World The first Global Travel &amp; Tourism platform integrated with cryptocurrency, all around the world! We are proudly presenting to you “Ariva.World“ the new generation of a decentralized travel &amp; tourism portal, based on blockchain technology. A Travel &amp; Tourism network where members can meet with global and local tourism service providers in the light of previous traveler's experiences and shares, make bookings with cryptocurrencies and earn crypto money from both their reservations and valuable content sharing. Read More Less Fees Pay less fees using cryptocurrency and save more money. Faster Payments Have much more faster payments using the new technology. Safer Have more security over your money than traditional systems. Popular Flights You can discover popular routes and book cheaply ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Multi-Options for Crypto Payment Plan your trip with different cypto payment options. Credit Card Explore the world with Ariva.World. Now accepting credit cards for an easier and more inclusive booking experience alongside our crypto payment options. Travel, simplified. Binance Pay Binance Pay is a contactless, bordersless, secure cryptocurrency payment system designed by Binance. The platfrom lets users send, spend and pay with crypto anywhere in the world - all with zero fees. Ariva.Finance Ariva.Finance is a new-generation payment gateway that can be used on all websites, application and online stores. Allowing users to make payments with cryptocurrencies. Crypto.com Pay Crypto.com Pay supports various payment scenarios, provides you with an instant payment experience, and allows customers to enjoy up to 10% back in CRO funded by the network. GoCrypto GoCrypto is an all-in-one software and point-of-sale solution accepting all types of payment transactions for brick-and-mortar &amp; online stores. Travel Blog The most popular tourist destinations. The best travel blogs in the world offer amazing travel tips, photography, and video content. Top travel bloggers tend to be passionate writers and storytellers, offering helpful advice... AUSTRIA The address of art and architecture, Austria, where you can find different beauties every season, is a place where you can enjoy the moment with its hospitality. Being home to the best ski resorts in Europe, it also leaves unforgettable memories in winters. Along with its capital Vienna, which will satiate its visitors with art, the medieval provinces are also the crown jewels. Salzburg, which looks like something out of a postcard, turns heads with its fairy tale nature. Here is a guide on what to enjoy in Austria with its unique beauties that will give its visitors a unique holiday experience Read More PORTUGAL Visiting Portugal, the unique country of the Mediterranean coast, is a great choice, especially if you love the sea and maritime. It is not only a European country, but also opens the doors to a completely different world with its natural riches. You will leave Portugal with many memories with you, which does not easily disappoint its visitors. Read More DUBAI Dubai is a city of stars in the middle of the barren desert climate. It is like an oasis in the desert. Still growing and thriving, Dubai is a place of creamy milky- white sand with a drizzle of white pearls. Located in the magnificent Persian Gulf and having the most luxurious attractions and shopping centers in the world, Dubai can also offer you a wonderful feast of taste. Read More FRANCE France is a candidate to be one of the most exciting routes for you with the magical warmth of the Marseille sun, the charm of Paris, the city of movies, lovers, and fashion, and the mystery of beautiful towns and rural areas full of hidden magnificence. Read More SPAIN Spain deserves to be one of the most frequented destinations for holiday lovers, home to the calm shores of the Mediterranean, with its mild climate and fun traditions. Spain, a peninsula, borders European countries such as Portugal and France. Spain is an irresistible holiday destination with its extensive and historical cities where the flow never stops, breathtaking views, and great foods. Every city and region in Spain has its own famous landmarks and flavors. For this reason, you may be undecided as a holiday lover when choosing which area to vacation. That is why we have compiled the holiday destinations in Spain and the unique possibilities for you. Read More Italy Italy, the beautiful country of delicate fabrics, stunning painters and dazzling wine, sun saluting landscapes, Venetian canals, smoldering volcanoes, and sleepy lagoons, come and take a closer look at this beautiful holiday paradise that deserves to be immortalized with poems and blessed with songs. Read More Get more out of Ariva.World with our mobile application Download the Ariva.World mobile app for one-touch access to your next travel adventure. With the Ariva.World mobile app you'll get access to hidden features and special offers. Download boarding passes One click bookings Get exclusive offers and prices Trip notifications Our Newsletter! By signing up to the mailing list, you can be instantly informed about more. We will continue to work for you. Subscribe By signing up, you agree to receive marketing emails from Ariva. Ariva is changing the future of tourism. Get Ariva.World App Scan the QR code to download our app on your phone Ariva Ariva.Digital Ariva.Finance Ariva.Wonderland Ariva.Club Link3 World Roadmap White Paper Contact Us Token Ariva on CMC Buy © Ariva World 2023 Version 2.0.0 Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use 