 Home Bulk Search Buy Domain TofuNFT.com Roadmap FAQ Connect Wallet Astar Web3 Domains Your Perfect NFT Domains Journey into the world of Web3 - Buy once use forever Search Buy Domain Search Replace crypto addresses with your name To send crypto, all you need to know is the recipient's NFT domain. Send any other crypto with just one domain. No more worrying about sending to the wrong address. One-time registration fee, No renewal fees The NFT domain is not leased. Buy a domain with a one-time registration fee and never have to worry about renewal again. Domains are stored in your wallet, just like cryptocurrency. Only you can control it. Ecosytem NFT Avatar Easily set your picture as your avatar. Show anywhere supported NFT Avatar Profile Page Use your landing page to display your favorite content &amp; multi social channel SubDomain Unlimited Subdomains as long as you own the main domain name Custom Data Store a variety of custom data records that can be expanded later. SDK &amp; API SDK integrates with third-party platforms like wallets, dapps, defi ... Cross Chain Support transfer NFT Domains between different blockchain platforms. Decentralized Website Upload your website to IPFS and access it with your NFT Domains Many Top Level Domain Manage multiple TLDs on one Smart Contract, helping to expand NFT Domains later. NFT Domains integration Integrate the NFT Domains into your project to make your DAPP and Web3.0 websites more user-friendly and provide a better user experience. This will make your decentralized application more differentiated. If you are an AstarNetwork platform that wants to claim your .astr domain name: Click and fill this form 5 k Domains 10 Ecosystem 2 k Users Roadmap Q1/2023 Re-Design Website &amp; Dashboard: astr.domains. Launch (Twitter &amp; Telegram &amp; Discord) Bot: .astr domain new registrations. Launch TLDs .astar &amp; giveaway campaign for .astr holders. Launch Referral Program (Earn up to 50% of revenue). Q2/2023 Join Astar dApp Staking Program. Launch Shiden Web3 Domains (.sdn). Launch Web3 Profile Page such us: yourname.astr.domains. Launch Sub-Domains program: The main domain owner sets prices &amp; sells sub-domains. Integrated with: subwallet, web3essentials, card3, whois3 etc. Q3/2023 Join the Web3 Domains Alliance with: unstoppable domains, bonfida etc. Browser extension: Chrome, Firefox extension allows easy integration of your name with Web3 platform. Develop Web3 projects like: alert3, track3, etc. Q4/2023 Join DomainChainHQ: Start-up fund &amp; invest in Web3 Domains projects. Airdrop $DCHQ for .astr &amp; astar holders: $DCHQ was initiated by DomainChainHQ to promote &amp; support web3 domains projects. FAQ What is blockchain domains? A blockchain domain is an asset class on the blockchain. Blockchain domains are designed to resolve your web address and wallet using smart contracts. This is a useful step in your crypto journey. Can I transfer my blockchain domains? It's correct. The domains in the blockchain are ERC721 compliant NFTs, you can transfer it using an ERC721 enabled wallet. Does Astar Domains blockchain domains compatible with ICANN traditional domains? No. Astar Domains blockchain domains are built using blockchain technology, It can help you to launch distributed web which traditional domains cannot do. How to connect metamask wallet and transfer ASTR? Connect Metamask: Click to see How to send ASTR/SDN from Polkadot.js to MetaMask: Click to see Can Astar Domains be traded on NFT exchange? Yes, Astar Domains may be traded on NFT marketplaces tofunft.com in the soon How much does it cost to register? Currently, subscription costs are set at the following rate: 5 characters or more 4 characters 3 characters 2 characters The characters 2 and 3 and 4 are priced as 'premium' to reflect the small number of these names available. NFT Domains Journey into the world of Web3 - the next era of the internet Common usernames across apps and websites, payment addresses for wallets and more. Manage all your distributed services easily and securely Launch App Copyright © 2022 Astar Domains. All Rights Reserved info@astardomains.network or astardomains@gmail.com 