 beta ATIV Portal Savor the Artistry, Reap the Benefit. DOWNLOAD NOW Download Desktop Client and start earning benefit. Mac OS Intel Chip Mac OS Apple Chip The ATIV team is currently participating in the Foundation Grants Program. How to earn $ATIV Just turn on the ATIV Music Desktop, and listen our music! Getting Started * The client may not run in mobile and tablet devices. ATIV Portal Welcome to ATIV Portal, your gateway to the immersive world of ATIV services and activities! Whether you're a seasoned user or just starting your journey with us, this platform offers an all-in-one experience like no other. With a simple login using your unique wallet address, you can seamlessly connect all your existing service accounts to the ATIV Portal, creating a unified hub to access every service we offer. Stay in the loop with real-time updates on announcements, missions, and token status through our visually appealing and intuitive dashboard. Join our growing community and collaborate with like-minded individuals to shape the future of ATIV. The adventure awaits - start your ATIV journey today and discover the boundless possibilities that lie ahead! Go to ATIV Portal ATIV Music Desktop Introducing the ATIV Music Desktop - your ultimate ally in discovering hidden musical gems through ATIV. By simply downloading, installing and playing music, you can not only immerse yourself in a world of new artists, but also support them and reap the rewards. With the ATIV Music Desktop, you enter a universe of sonic curation by ATIV. Shine a light on artists who deserve it by effortlessly becoming part of the ecosystem. Experience the power on both Windows and MacOS. Take the leap now and grab the ATIV Music Desktop from this link. Unleash the music that truly deserves your ears. Download Desktop Client * The client may not run in mobile and tablet devices. $ATIV $ATIV: Empower Artists, Reward Supporters Redefine content support with the $ATIV movement. - Artists share the value of their work when selected by token holders. - Supporters earn tokens through engagement and promotion, fostering a sustainable artist ecosystem. Use $ATIV for exclusive content, VIP access and voting. - Fiat revenue from content becomes stablecoin for fair distribution to $ATIV holders on the blockchain network, ensuring equity and sustainability. See $ATIV Docs ATIV Music App (To be updated) Welcome to ATIV Music Player, the app that grants you access to the complete ATIV catalog while immersing you in a world of music across various genres. Explore, stream, and enjoy your favorite tunes while staying connected to the ATIV Portal. Engage in exciting events within the ATIV ecosystem, combining the joy of music with the thrill of participation. Discover new releases, timeless classNameics, and hidden gems, making your ATIV experience even more enriching and unforgettable. Join now and let the harmony of music and events elevate your journey within the ATIV world. If you are a musician, join us and make some noise! Apply for Musician FAQ Q1. What is ATIV? ATIV is the Web3 IP Acceleration company, aiming ATIV establishes a positive feedback loop within the IP industry, with the aim of redefining the value of IP by elevating it through the power of people rather than capital. Our vision as a web3 company is to cultivate an environment where the benefits derived from creations are equitably distributed among all stakeholders within the comprehensive IP ecosystem. Q2. What is ATIV Music? ATIV Music is a platform where new artists and music fans come together. It's the first app by the ATIV world, where you can enjoy music without limits, connect with diverse artists, and help them grow in the music industry. It's all about sharing the love for music! Q3. Can I use ATIV Music with Metamask? Not for now, ATIV is now only support Solana chain. To use it, you need a crypto wallet like Phantom, Backpack, or any other that supports the Solana chain. In the near future, ATIV team is planning to support multi-chain. Q4. What are the Points in ATIV Music? Points are like rewards you get for listening to the ATIV catalogue while the ATIV music desktop is active. But remember, they're not like tokens on the blockchain, so you can't trade them or check them on a block explorer. They're just for using ATIV and enjoying the music! Q5. How can I use the points? During the Beta, you can use your points to swap for $ATIV tokens and also to mint beta passes. Just remember, you will need a beta pass to be able to use your points. Q6. What is the $ATIV token? $ATIV token is like the currency used in the ATIV world. Through the distribution of tokens, users can share the revenue from the now streaming, after value from the valuechain. It's all about supporting artists and sharing the benefits together! Join the journey of Savor the Artist, Reap the Benefit. Copyright © 2023 ATIV Inc. All rights reserved. 