 Trade Augur is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back Help Center Developers Blog FAQs AugurDAO Migrate your REP This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn More Got It! Augur: Your global, no-limit betting platform Bet how much you want on sports, economics, world events and more. Augur Sportsbook Augur is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back Augur Turbo Augur is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back NFL See Markets MMA See Markets CRYPTO See Markets MLB See Markets Products Betting today is broken &amp; exploitative. Today’s betting Industry trades on promises of getting rich quick, using every trick in the book to extract the maximum value from customers. And at the same time, their best bettors are penalised by lowering their limits and closing their accounts. "Blockchain-based prediction markets may be the one force strong enough to counterbalance the spread of incorrect information on social media. They give people a financial incentive to seek the truth and then protect them with the twin shields of pseudonymity and decentralization." Balaji S. Srinivasan Former CTO of Coinbase The best odds &amp; the lowest fees. Users keep more of their winnings than any other exchange through low fees and the best odds. Augur doesn’t take a cut. "Augur is a substitute for betting platforms that charge high fees, ban winners, delay withdrawals, freeze accounts, aren't globally accessible, lack privacy, and don't let you sell your bet mid-game." Ryan Berckmans Predictions Global Global Access Augur is a peer-to-peer, decentralized exchange, enabling universal and transparent access to its markets. "Augur is an open, global prediction market protocol that allows anyone to create a market for anything. There is no single entity that controls the protocol; it’s community owned and operated." Nick Tomaino 1Confirmation Guaranteed payouts Augur is powered by Ethereum, which enables payouts to run as an automated process that no person or organisation, including Augur, can interfere with. Augur Sportsbook Augur is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back Augur Turbo Augur is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back Augur Pro Augur Pro is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back How does Augur compare? No Limits Fees: 1.5% Global markets Not for Profit More info The Other Guys Limits on payouts, trades, deposits &amp; withdrawals Fees: 5-10% Regional markets Takes Profit with fees and spread Augur is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back No Limits. Lower fees. Global Access. Augur Sportsbook Augur is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back Augur Turbo Augur is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back Augur Pro Augur Pro is not supported in your region It appears you are trying to access trading from one of the following regions that aren't supported: the United States, the United Kingdom, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or Zimbabwe. You can still access REP migration . Go back Explore Blog FAQs Branding &amp; Press Kit Contact AugurDAO Migrate your REP Developers Documentation Whitepaper Bug Bounty Augur Core License Augur UI License Follow Us Discord Twitter GitHub Reddit Facebook Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter for weekly updates on all things Augur Get notified of Betting UI launch updates Notify Me Invalid email, please try again Successfully subscribed! © 2021 PM Research LTD Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Disclaimer 