 Assets Community Docs Launch App Join Discord Twitter logo Telegram logo Medium logo Assets Community Docs Launch App PLY LP Staking now at APR! Head to Rewards tab to learn more. Liquidity Unlocked Lend, borrow and earn on Aurigami. The native money market on Aurora. Launch App Join Discord Twitter logo Telegram logo Medium logo Powered by&nbsp; &nbsp;&amp;&nbsp; Top Listed Assets Supply now and multiPLY your assets! USDC Total Deposited Deposit APY USDT Total Deposited Deposit APY ETH Total Deposited Deposit APY WNEAR Total Deposited Deposit APY WBTC Total Deposited Deposit APY STNEAR Total Deposited Deposit APY Risk Management Real time risk management dashboard with&nbsp; Go to Dashboard&nbsp; Audits and Protocol Security Continuous audits and security measures to safeguard your interests Smart contract security audits Watchpug&nbsp; Healthiest lending protocolwith $0 bad debt RiskDAO&nbsp; Bug Bountyup to $500,000 Immunefi&nbsp; Strategic Investors Backed by the best to grow Aurigami together Ecosystem Partnerships dedicated to building a thriving DeFi ecosystem with us Highlights Latest insights, stories and milestones Aurigami Revamped — Faster, Sleeker, Sexier Aurigami raises $12 million in token rounds Q3 in Review Impossible Finance Research Report KuCoin Announces PLY Token Sale What is Aurigami (PLY)? The Native Money Market on Aurora. Discord Logo Twitter logo Telegram logo Medium logo Connect Discord Twitter Telegram Learn Medium Docs Github FAQ Resources CoinGecko CoinMarketCap Branding Bug Bounty Legal Disclaimer The information provided on this website does not constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice, and you should not treat any of the website's content as such. The Aurigami team provides the website as a service to the public, and is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within this website. While the information contained within this website is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and up-to-date. 