 Home About Us Advantages Token Whitepaper Audit Lottery Swap FARM AUTOMATED INCOME MACHINE TOKEN AUTOMATED INCOME MACHINE is a community-driven deflationary and fully decentralized token on Binance Smartchain. Copy About Us Automated Income Machine (AIM) are not MEME Token its a token have a mission and vision to build most love community in crypto space and make community profitable. AIM Token is one of the most transformative technologies and very easier platform that can change your life. AIM Token stands firmly in support of financial freedom and the liberty that it provides globally for anyone to voluntarily participate in a permissionless and decentralized network. Products that let you save, invest, trade, and more . Its based on open-source technology that anyone can program with. Our Vision Advantages Our Benifits Auto Distribution Holders get AIM Token automatically rewarded to their address in every transaction . No need to claim, no need to request. Auto Reward Auto AIM rewards to holders. Watch your AIM token growing on every single transaction. Automatic Liquidity 4% of every transaction contributes toward automatically generating liquidity to Raises price floor. Marketing Wallet A Fund Wallet is being created to fund our marketing and support future ecosystem especially to our yield farming dapp project. Buy Back Fee Buy back fee on sells to prevent large price drops. Anti Whale To help protect from whales dumping or from holding high percentages of the supply, we feature a 1% max sell and a 2% max hold. Introducing Token Allocation Buy AIM token in your wallet and you will get rewards. Total Supply 100 Million Staked Supply 60% Circulation Supply 30% Developer/Marketing 10% Coinpare Binance Coinranking Coinpaprika Livecoinwatch Coingecko BitKeep DigitalCoinPrice Coinbrain Blockspot Coinmarketcap Dex Tool Products AIM Swap/Exchange AIM swap/exchange is a orderbook exchange with pairs USDT,BTC. First exchange with fully loaded futures like spot trading, future trading, staking, P2P, NFT MARKETPLACE. fully automatic for withdrawal and deposit no need admin approval. AIM Token Details Whitepaper Audit FARM Our Roadmap Ideation and deployment Website Launch Fair Launch Rugscreen Audit PancakeSwap Launch Coinranking Listing Coinpaprika Listing Nomics Listing AIM Swap CMC Listing Coingecko Price Chart Tracking Binance Price Chart Tracking Coinbase Price Chart Tracking Lottery P2p listing Latoken Listing Cointiger Listing More 5 Exchanges Listing Own Wallet Listing Soon Listing Soon Products Wallet Swap Social Media Payment Method Company About Us terms Of Use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Careers Support Exchange Listing Request Contact Support FAQ Advertisement Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Telegram Copyright © 2022 by Automated Income Machine. Support [email&nbsp;protected] 