 Avarice About Statistic The Idea Features FAQ litepaper Avarice Panel Avarice About Statistic The Idea Features FAQ litepaper ru ua en ru ru ua en Avarice Defi at Its Purest At its core, Avarice means greed. It is an incredibly lucrative staking DApp that is built on the shoulders of giants. Drawing inspiration from the highly successful T2X platform from the glory days of DeFi; Avarice brings the auction fun and FOMO to the Binance Smart Chain. Get AVC Tokens Litepaper introduction video About Avarice Avarice is designed to provide maximum benefit to the stakers. Users will buy AVC tokens with BNB on our easy to use dApp. They can then stake their tokens to earn interest paid in AVC along with their share of the BNB dividends from the daily auction lobby. Users can make as many stakes they want for as long as they want up to a maximum of 300 days. The longer the stake, the more interest you earn, all while enjoying staking bonuses along the way. Simple. Selling your unfinished stakes with your chosen price Avarice STATISTICS Users: -- Entered BNB: -- Overall Staked Tokens: -- AVC Overall Collected Divs: -- BNB Our way What makes Avarice successful? Our daily dividend payout is split as seen, over a period of time. For example, assuming day 3 ended with a 100 BNB entry, that BNB will be divided by 3 as it's day 3, and split out over 3 days in chunks of 33.3 BNB. Another example; day 10 ends with 100 BNB, and these BNB are split into chunks of 10 which are sent out over 10 days. As the days go on and the pools grow in size, these dividends will keep going and adding allowing for much stronger and stable payouts! This caps at day 60. This also ensures that our project can live a longer lifespan and adds to the game theory behind the staking of the tokens themselves. How do you get AVC tokens Participate in a daily auction and swap your BNB for AVC tokens.Tokens will be disbursed to your wallet at the end of each day. Refer your friends and earn 5% of their auction payout. Stake AVC to earn daily interest on your stake.The longer you stake, the more interest you will earn through our staking bonus system. How does Staking System works? Users will accrue daily interest based on the number of AVC tokens they have staked. They will also receive dividends paid in BNB. This amount will vary on the amount of BNB in the lobby on each day of their stake and also on how big their stake is. The more you stake in relation to everyone else, the more you will earn. This is automatic and controlled by our audited smart contracts. ‹ › Referral System Avarice has a grate referral system that rewards both referer and the referred user. everyone wins when using a ref link! There's zero reason NOT to use one! Secure Avarice smart contract is verified and audited. Rest assured you can trust your funds are safe. Social Media Get all the latest updates and connect with other active members of the community using Telegram and Discord Mobile Optimized On the go? The Avarice platform is optimized for mobile use. supporting all of the platform features on your smart device. FAQ Frequency Asked Questions How is the stake pool calculated? 94% of the BNB that enters the Daily Auction lobby is pooled and sent back to stakers Do I have to stake $AVC to receive BNB dividends? Yes! The whole platform is based on staking and in order to receive BNB you need to stake your AVC. When will I receive my dividends? You can collect your stakes when they are finished and receive your dividends. What is the point of the auction? Since there is no liquidity on a DEX, the main way users can acquire AVC is buy participating in the daily auctions. Where does the $BNB go? 94% of all $BNB collected is returned to the stakers. The other 6% is reserved for development costs and buy backs! Contact us Get in Touch Send message Avarice © 2022, Avarice Stay connected:    