 Home Planet Avastar Archive Market &amp; Replicants Scrolling Simulator Home Planet Avastar Archive Market &amp; Replicants Scrolling Simulator BUILDING A BRAVE, NEW WORLD... Welcome to Avastar Prime Base. Please read the following to acquaint yourself with the Avastars Mission. For more detailed and in-depth Avastars info, please visit The Avastar Archive . In the year 1984, Avastar Corp launched an advanced spaceship, Genesis 721, from a secret location on Earth. Its mission: Find and populate a suitable planet in a nearby solar system. Thirty-five years later, in 2019, the crew of Genesis 721 were awoken from their cryogenic sleep by the onboard AI upon the discovery of what would become Planet Avastar . The team confirmed the AIs readings of the planet and, after performing rigorous habitation testing, sent a quantum message to the Avastar Corp crew on Earth instructing them to turn on the teleporters. Meet the "Core 5"! These 5 Exclusive Avastars were instrumental in launching the Avastars mission. Click to read their stories. Gillian Deckard, #100 Salvatar Zhyrghal, #101 Pandora Frye, #102 Nemo Islay, #103 Neda Cook, #104 AVASTAR TELEPORTATION On April 20th, 2020, a call went out to the population of Earth to recruit Teleporter Engineers. The job of a Teleporter Engineer was to discover and select the best Applicants to be citizens of this new world. Those selected were called Avastar Primes; the first citizens of a planet outside our solar system, and the future of the human race. Avastar Corp built a sophisticated selection platform for TE's utilizing the ethereum blockchain. TE's were presented with an endless selection of randomly generated Applicants to choose from. By utilizing a computer's scrolling mechanism, TE's could select and submit their chosen Applicants for teleportation. An example of the scrolling mechanism now exists on our website, in perpetuity. Click here to visit the Scrolling Simulator &nbsp;to experience "The Scroll." THE JOURNEY: FROM AVASTAR PRIMES TO REPLICANTS &amp; THE MARKETPLACE, &amp; INTO 3D The crew of Genesis 721 brought the parts to build a Replication Factory along in the cargo hold. After all Avastar Primes had successfully teleported to Planet Avastar, the crew then assembled the Replicant Factory. It opened in November 23rd of 2021, Earth time. As of this date, Teleporter Engineers have been reassigned the title of Replicant Scientists. Replicant Scientists are able to&nbsp; create Avastar Replicants using the trait copies originally included with Avastar Primes. As of July 18th, 2023, &nbsp;Replicant Scientists can also acquire (purchase) trait copies from other Replicant Scientists as part of the Replicant Creation Process, via the Avastar Marketplace .&nbsp;While visiting the Avastar Marketplace, Replicant Scientists may also recruit and acquire&nbsp;(purchase) Avastar Primes to join their crews as well. All of this takes place on the Avastars Interactivity Module , brought to you by Avastar Corp. and the skilled engineers at&nbsp; Firelava . As a part of the AIM build, every Avastar Sponsor (owner) can now also view their own Avastar Portfolio.&nbsp;Technology has improved rapidly on Earth since&nbsp;landing on Planet Avastar, and with the aid of VIPE.IO and Polygonal Mind , as of July 18th, 2023, we are able to communicate with our Avastar Primes not just in 2D, but in full 3D as well. Head to the AIM to meet your Avastar in full form! REMINDER: Planet Avastar STILL needs YOUR HELP to sustain a thriving populus! Visit the Replicant Factory &nbsp;and Avastar Marketplace to create YOUR OWN REPLICANT TODAY! Replicants will also be appearing in 3d over time. Watch our Twitter for more info. WHO IS AVASTAR CORP? Jimmy McNelis, aka J1mmy.eth Avastars™ Founder, CEO of nft42™, nameless™ Favorite Avastar Trait: Space Helmet Jimmy bridges the gap between the imaginative nature of childhood and the magic of the metaverse unfolding today. He helps curious people unlock the power of NFTs. Prior to nft42™, Jimmy founded Dito, an enterprise cloud solutions provider. Kwigbelle Mission Director Favorite Avastar Trait: Elf Eth Earrings Kwig is a former tenured Insurance Agent and NFT hobbyist turned Pro NFT Discord lurker &amp; DYOR specialist. She began her Avastars journey as a humble Teleporter Engineer in 2020, and, like many of you, graduated to Replicant Scientist in November of 2021. Kwigbelle currently resides on Planet Avastar, and is leading the charge as Mission Director. Werekitty Project Manager/Tech Advisor Favorite Avastar Trait: Butterfly Tattoo Werekitty is a Project Manager with prior experience from the Telecom, Oil &amp; Energy Industries. She spent a couple of years moderating in the Cryptokitties and NBA Top Shot discord servers while learning all about NFTs. She then Teleported to Planet Avastar to put her Masters Degree in Physics to work studying how matter and energy work up there. You can often find her hanging out in the Avastars Discord in the Tech Chat channel. Walshy Community Manager Favorite Avastar Trait: Admiral’s Hat A lifelong hobbyist collector with a passion for all things related to cryptocurrency and NFTs. Walshy completed a BA in Sociology in 2013 and became a Teleporter Engineer in early 2021. Hobbies include: mingling with the Avastars community, managing a personal portfolio and conducting research into the cutting edge of web3. Walshy loves to onboard newcomers into the world of Avastars. Have questions? You can find him on Twitter and Discord. DragoNate Lead Moderator Favorite Avastar Trait: Steampunk Eyes Is dragon. Does parkour. Loves God, games, learning &amp; things. Serial Discord mod &amp; community person. Ironic for an introvert, huh? Cliff, aka Blockchain4Prez Paralegal &amp; Team Game Master Favorite Avastar Trait: Neckbeard Cliff is a full time paralegal at Avastars Corp. He puts his law degree to work keeping Web3 creators and their projects safe while they work to make our world a better, more artful place. His favorite things to talk about are intellectual property, tabletop role playing games, and his cat who does tricks. You can always find him on Twitter, but is known to say "gm" in the Avastars Discord every once in a while. Now Minting: Copyright © 2021 nft42™ • All rights reserved Privacy Policy • Terms of Use Made&nbsp;with&nbsp; ❤️ by&nbsp; nft42 Attention Teleporter Engineers, Replicant Scientists, and all people of Earth: We use cookies (or similar technologies) to enhance your experience while using this site, and to improve its’ performance. By clicking the Accept button, you are consenting to our use of cookies (or similar technologies). If you do NOT consent, click Decline. To learn more, please read our Privacy Policy . - Avastar Corp. Decline Accept 