 Avid Lines My Wallet Gallery Tech Connect Wallet Avid Lines is a generative art project Avid Lines was created and curated by FingerprintsDAO and the anonymous generative artist Arihz, creator of Framergence and Pulsquares . FingerprintsDAO is a Decentralized Autonomous Organization focused on curating, collecting, and promoting smart contracts as art. Currently, the DAO holds one of the largest collection of LarvaLab’s Autoglyphs , the largest collection of DEAFBEEF , and has an expansive collection of smart contracts as art. This project is an experiment about composability in NFTs . The pieces are generated on mint, using instructions from Autoglyphs together with random characteristics. Autoglyphs were chosen because they're the first and most important generative art project, fully contained on-chain, which allows deeper composability. The artwork consists of lines that are carefully spread across the canvas. This project is an ode to shapes derived from round-ended lines and complexity from chaos. It has inspiration from microscopic nature and movement. How it works? To mint an artwork, you choose one of the whitelisted Autoglyphs (called "generators") to serve as partial instructions to your piece creation. You don't need to own any Autoglyphs . Two pieces minted from the same generator will not be equal. The created artwork is not a reproduction of an Autoglyph in any sense. Each artwork is individual and incorporates its own non-deterministic characteristics, but it's influenced by the underlying generator on-chain instructions. Autoglyphs owners Autoglyph owners can whitelist their pieces (no transfer required) so other people can use them to mint. Upon each mint using that generator, the owner receives 10% of the minting cost as a payment. Put your Autoglyphs to work! Connect Wallet Considerations This project is highly experimental. It's subject to serious bugs. There is absolutely no value attached to each art piece, so don't speculate on that. The creators will reserve and mint around 75 pieces, of a max total of 500 Public Mints Avid lines live on Ethereum blockchain as NFTs. Max supply is 500. The mint period is over! Please check the collection in OpenSea Connect Wallet Events July 21, 2021: Details released about Avid Lines During this time, the FingerprintsDAO Discord channel will open, the Twitter @AvidLines will be announced, and the website will go live. July 21, 2021: Autoglyph owners may whitelist their Avid Lines generators Autoglyph owners whitelist their Autoglyphs in order to allow others to generate Avid Lines. Generator owners receive 10% of the mint fee if their piece is used. July 28, 2021 - 11AM CT/4PM UTC: Avid Lines goes live! Public Minting for Avid Lines goes live and the experiment starts. Date is tentative. Mint Choose the Autoglyph generator you want to use Cost: 0 ETH Mint Cancel Whitelist and manage Whitelist Manage Choose one Autoglyph to whitelist No transfer required! Manage your whitelisted Autoglyphs You don't have any withelisted glyphs Whitelist Withdraw Remove Whitelist Cancel Whitelisted Choose one of the whitelisted Autoglyphs Close Avid Lines WalletConnect Scan with WalletConnect to connect WalletConnect 使用兼容 WalletConnect 的钱包扫描二维码 复制到剪贴板 