You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.HomeGrowth EngineWhitepaperShareGet StartedFAQBNB.ACCELERATION.MODEL.Leverage accelerated yield farming rewards with our automated, decentralized technology. Generate up to 2.5% gains passively everyday, by depositing BNB in our app.Get StartedAUTONOMOUS.GROWTH.ENGINE.Our automated system was built with speed, growth &amp; stability to take you from zero to hero. As a member of BAM you have an opportunity to become a Liquidity Provider and generate perpetual crypto rewards.Experience accelerated asset growth with 2.5X leverage and % gains you can experience in realtime.Get StartedDISRUPTIVE.FINANCIAL.ECOSYSTEM.Automated.Simply stake &amp; earn passive yields on your crypto assets. With BAM you can experience a true plug &amp; play system built for one specific task; Growth. With our multi-faceted liquidity pool and our sophisticated algorithms working away while you sleep, we aim to deliver a flawless experience.Realtime Growth.Watch the growth of your assets in realtime, up to 2.5% every day. BAM is the go-to tool for passive investors who want real time freedom and maximum % gains. Grow your portfolio and receive farming rewards up to 250% on your crypto . Repeat as often as you want, with the option to re-stake and accelerate your growth.Sustainable.BAM takes the game to another level with our LIT technology. This unique perpetual liquidity injection feature works for you. As the heartbeat of your financial ecosystem, it was created to be a self-sufficient cog in the mechanics. It will feed in any surplus liquidity into the protocol, as your activity increases. The result; increased stability, even when the markets are bleeding..Decentralized Freedom.BAM is a verified DeFi smartcontract protocol on the BSC network. That’s why our smartcontract is embedded, publicly viewable, verified and cannot be altered. Join with confidence using our fast &amp; secure DeFi protocol.Instant Withdrawals..Why should you have to wait for your crypto? Receive any % gains generated, instantly to your connected wallet. DeFi makes this possible and with 1-click you’re in the money. No surprises, no headaches. Just hassle-free crypto growth.Passive Income.Securely stake, earn, withdraw &amp; track the progress of your asset growth. BAM is a pioneer in the space of reliable passive income on the BSC network. Stake from 0.01 BNB and achieve stable, passive yields, accessible to withdraw anytime.Get StartedELASTIC.FARMING.YIELDS.Earn higher % yields on your journey as you grow.Automated farming rewards you up to 2.5% everyday in real-time.We keep things simple. Stake more to earn more.Unlock high-tier rewards repeatedly with 2.5X leverage in BNBGet StartedPERPETUAL.LIQUIDITY.INJECTION.BAM was created with speed, growth, sustainability &amp; a self-perpetuating “feed in” system. This keeps the heartbeat of the protocol beating strong and will actually accelerate with increased user-activity. Surplus liquidity is pumped into the contract from fees, farms, pools, and other protocols that feed into the BAM financial ecosystem.Get StartedDEFI.FABRIC.FRAMEWORK.With BAM, you can be your own bank. We define DeFi as decentralized freedom. Placing ownership, power &amp; control of your financials back into your hands. That means no middlemen, no intermediaries, increased gains, anonymity, diminished 3rd party intervention, speed &amp; growth. Freedom using the power of DeFi.Get StartedGET IN TOUCHJoin the Telegram GroupLINKSHomeGrowth EngineWhitepaperGetting startedShareFAQContractBe your own bank.© 2023 B.A.M All Rights ReservedInvesting in cryptocurrencies carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. Before deciding to invest in a Decentralized Finance business model (DeFi) you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some, or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with cryptocurrencies, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor. Investing in a DeFi protocol will not guarantee a return on your investment. In fact, due to the volatile nature of cryptocurrencies, a return may not be possible if market factors beyond your control, affect the growth, liquidity &amp; performance of our smartcontract.