 Advertiser Influencer Team &amp; Partners FAQ Get started Leverage the power of&nbsp;influencer marketing in Web3 Discover influencers on Twitter and Telegram to promote your brand without risking loss of funds Create first ad campaign Advertiser Influencer How it works? DISCOVER INFLUENCERS Find the perfect influencer for your campaign with our verified profiles and transparent advertising histories LAUNCH AD CAMPAIGNS Create an ad campaign with just a few clicks. Choose the date, prepare your post, and specify the ad format MANAGE CAMPAIGNS Track the progress of your ad campaigns and get your money back if the influencer fails to meet the agreed deliverables on time Get started Built with strength of Web3 in mind Enjoy the benefits of trustless collaborations with influencers Smart Payments Escrow your budget into smart contracts. The funds will be released to the influencer only after the ad has been published Insights into influencer profile Choose high-reputation influencers with a proven track record of delivering results and content on time for your campaign's success Crypto Payments Pay in crypto USDC on any convenient EVM-chain without borders, fees and delays Designed by experts in influencer marketing We understand the challenges! Our platform streamlines influencer marketing from finding the right influencers to payment processing, eliminating the headaches of the process Web3 audience Reach the Web3 audience through targeted campaigns on Twitter and Telegram, the most popular media platforms in crypto Campaigns with less&nbsp;effort Don't waste time clarifying details in DM. Instead, collaborate with motivated influencers who are ready to advertise your project Data for better collabs Combining statistics from Twitter / Telegram with on-chain influencer’s and his audiences performance metrics Supported ecosystems Seamlessly run ad campaigns within popular ecosystems Our customers Ecosytem dApps Startups Get more cases 20 Ad campaigns with influencers during one week 400,000 impressions in Twitter in 2 weeks 20,000 participants in quest campaign on Galxe For Protocols B4B is a marketing partner of the Aurora and NEAR ecosystems. Run Ad campaigns with influencers to accelerate news distribution, attract more users and grow the community of your ecosystem. 115 Ad campaigns with influencers during 4 months 2,000,000 NFTs sold out in 1 day +1,000,000 followers in Twitter For dApps Build an allowlist for your upcoming NFT drop and leverage growth with B4B's influencers. Drive more exposure and awareness for you project to attract more users. 1 Ad campaigns for 150$ with target influencer 25,000 Impressions on Twitter 850 leads in whitelist, 500 followers from zero For early stage startups Test your product's traffic easily and quickly with targeted influencers. Get feedback, waitlist leads, and grow your community. Start running a test compaign for as low as $500 today. Schedule A Call LINKS For Advertisers For Influencers RESOURCES Team &amp; Partners FOLLOW US 