 Bad Fox Motorcycle Club Home Merch Lab/Tools Collections 2D Fox 2D Motorcycle Bad Key 3D Fox 3D Motorcycle Staking ADA C4 CHILLAZ CSWAP EZY HEXO IDP MD NFTC SOC Games OGBears Degen Royale Bajuzki Studios Bitke Cornucopias Speed Throne CardaStacks Kwicverse U.E (secret: preparation) Limited Events Burn Event 2D Trade In Wallet About The Club: Bad Fox Motorcycle Club is a large collective of NFT fans who are working to innovate on what is possible with a Web3 brand. We do diverse forms of fund redistributions, integrations into various games/metaverses, and we develop tools that benefit everyone on Cardano. About The Club: Bad Fox Motorcycle Club is a large collective of NFT fans who are working to innovate on what is possible with a Web3 brand. We do diverse forms of fund redistributions, integrations into various games/metaverses, and we develop tools that benefit everyone on Cardano. Collections &amp; Utilities 2D Fox Supply 1,878 (burn live) Staking Rewards 2D Motorcycle Supply 939 (burn live) Staking Rewards Bad Key Supply 2,061 Staking Rewards Royalty Rewards Access to Tools 3D Airdrops 3D Fox Supply 6,000 Game/Meta Asset (avatar) File Custody &amp; IP Ownership 3D Motorcycle Supply 3,000 Game/Meta Asset (vehicle) File Custody &amp; IP Ownership Partners ADA Anvil Leon Art Group SoundRig Banker Coin CSWAP DEX The Ape Society Cardano Crocs Club IDO Pass DAO Pangolin Protocol Cardano Lands Eggscape Club NFT Creative Mad Dog Car Club The Chillaz OGBears Degen Royale Bitke Speed Throne CardaStacks KWIC Space Troopers Summoner's Guild Unbounded Earth Bajuzki Studios Clients $LAB Token Ape Nation Mallard Order Porky Island Walkers Whiskees IDO Pass DAO Featured by Content Creators Awesomeisjayell Atlanick Cardano Thor Ultimate CNFT BossFace Crypto Certifications Ted Nation Doxxing B.I.G Doxxing Ben Elferink Founder / Fullstack Developer I started my career as Fullstack Developer in 2020 &amp; have been involved in the crypto &amp; NFT space since 2021. I do most of the work around here. David Minkov 2D Artist I'm an artist from a young age, and this is my first time being in the CNFT space, I'm excited to work on the 2D art for Bad Fox MC! 4042 Director of Vibes I use creative thinking as a means of expression. This helps me to connect dots and build bridges from one point to another. What is a "Director of Vibes" ? Look at it as a less formal version of Community Manager. I'm here to coordinate the community vibes and connect with the people! Stef BBQ Moderator I remote operate offshore oil and gas producing platforms from an onshore controlroom for a living, I've been into crypto for about 1,5 years and became a NFT enthousiast on Cardano little over a year ago. BadFoxMC has got a special place in my heart. Happyboi Moderator I'm Sydney by name, also known as Happyboi. I'm into trading, and learning technical analysis. I don't have many hobbies, but I love reading books or watching movies whenever I'm free. powered by Cardano Mesh 