 gm. Blind Select About Launch with us Your Collection Connect Wallet Open main menu gm. studio The generative art platform by artists, for artists Explore the studio Artist sign up Latest release: A Daydream for Libby by genlight Blind Exceptional collections curated without knowledge of artist's identity, ensuring work is chosen on merit. Select Artist-in-residence program showcasing visionary artists who are pushing the boundaries of their field. 2023 Current The 2023 collection which kicked-off with Balagan by Sapir Cohen. total volume 3,012 ETH owners 12,965 unique owners 24% average hold time 3 months full set collectors 47 View set The Source Camille Roux x Matthieu Segret 300 pieces Quadrature Darien Brito 300 pieces Balagan Sapir Cohen 555 pieces 2022 Genesis The inaugural set from gm. studio’s first year of operation, Genesis is a collection of gen art from the finest artists of their generation. total volume 3,012 ETH owners 12,965 unique owners 24% average hold time 3 months full set collectors 47 View set Apollo Asaf Slook 555 pieces Catharsis Dario Lanza 999 pieces Factura Mathias Isaksen 999 pieces Kōripo Rich Poole 999 pieces Plasticity p4stoboy 555 pieces Mind the Gap MountVitruvius 999 pieces The studio is a creation of the gmDAO, an organisation consisting of NFT artists, collectors &amp; enthusiasts. Providing a superior experience for both artists &amp; collectors. We built the studio from the ground up using our experience working with existing artistic platforms and the challenges they present to artists. Every collection that we offer is selected by a blind panel. All submissions received by the studio are presented blindly to our curation panel, meaning artists are selected purely on merit, not reputation. Our current board members Meet the gmDAO curation team Our current board consists of resident gmDAO artists all of whom are experienced generative artists as well as being highly respected in their fields Rich Poole Tengil seanelliottoc Steganon Ike cxkoda The Artist Studio A full-service platform for generative artists to launch collections The gm.studio is always looking for new talent to work with, and one of our primary objectives is to provide a superior experience when it comes to launching a new collection. With our expertise &amp; experience in the generative art space, we will guide you through the steps of launching a successful project. From defining the scope, smart contract deployment, marketing &amp; launch. If you would like to have your artwork featured on the studio, we welcome you to submit your work via the link below Launch a Collection About Privacy Policy 