 &nbsp; English 中文 日本人 한국어 Español Русский Français HOME &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; TELEGRAM OFFICIAL UPDATES JOIN VIP CHAT BSC -------- ELEPHANT.MONEY TRX -------- FLOW &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; STRONGHOLD SWAPX &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SWAP STOCKPILE &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; STACK BNKRX &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; BNKR XCHANGE PAST PROJECTS ETH -------- VLT PAST PROJECTS -------- HELP WHITE PAPER SHOP Bankroll is the best way to HODL and grow your crypto! Here are the numbers... Players ... Unique Impressions Network Market Value ... USDT Transactions ... Txs Vault Institutional Grade Yield... Flow Cashflow for all... Swapx Buy &amp; Sell BNKRX Stronghold Get paid 50% of BNKR emissions to hold... Stockpile Get paid 50% of BNKRX emissions to hold... Bnkrx Sustainable yield for the network Stack Grow your BNKR as you HODL Swap Buy and Sell BNKR Bnkr Farm, trade, and HODL network value Xchange Securely exchange crypto for TRX About Bankroll is a premiere decentralized finance network on TRON. It implements a voluntary, sustainable, and permissionless global economic engine. Through a network of financial contracts the platform provides rewards in TRX, BNKRX, and BNKR. Bankroll... play to win!!! Become a Patron! Benefits Bankroll is a permissionless system for economic inclusion and helps its community accumulate wealth through active and passive cash flows. Sustainable Yield Farming Only on Bankroll can you participate in zero fee Saver Pools that allow you to yield farm with leading protocol, platform, and ecosystem assets. All backed by the oldest store of value on the TRON blockchain, BNKR. &nbsp; Sleek and Responsive Bankroll is designed to work well on both desktop and mobile. A sleek dark theme keeps you in the zone, WINNING &nbsp; A Bankteller Production Play to win and sleep well at night. As always, built with love. &nbsp; True Decentralized Finance The Bankroll DeFi Network is a great way to earn value in cryto, all unstoppable and onchain! Through a series of incentives it allows players to create value and participate in the upside of a portfolio of assets. &nbsp; Sustainable Yield Farming Only on Bankroll can you participate in zero fee Saver Pools that allow you to yield farm with leading protocol, platform, and ecosystem assets. All backed by the oldest store of value on the TRON blockchain, BNKR. &nbsp; Sleek and Responsive Bankroll is designed to work well on both desktop and mobile. A sleek dark theme keeps you in the zone, WINNING &nbsp; A Bankteller Production Play to win and sleep well at night. As always, built with love. &nbsp; True Decentralized Finance The Bankroll DeFi Network is a great way to earn value in cryto, all unstoppable and onchain! Through a series of incentives it allows players to create value and participate in the upside of a portfolio of assets. &nbsp; Sustainable Yield Farming Only on Bankroll can you participate in zero fee Saver Pools that allow you to yield farm with leading protocol, platform, and ecosystem assets. All backed by the oldest store of value on the TRON blockchain, BNKR. &nbsp; Sleek and Responsive Bankroll is designed to work well on both desktop and mobile. A sleek dark theme keeps you in the zone, WINNING &nbsp; ‹ › 2020 © Bankroll Join us on Telegram Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate <iframe sandbox="allow-scripts" srcdoc=" 