 Launch App Deliciously Wrapped Finance Building omnichain, decentralized and secure synthetic liquidity, tokens and markets. Accessible to all. Stoppable by no-one. Launch App Watch the video baofriend.eth We work with some of the most innovative teams Building towards a decentralized future Our mission at Bao Finance is to revolutionize the financial landscape, providing the tools and opportunities for everyone to become a pivotal part of the new financial era. baofriend.eth Borrow price stable currencies on your terms Mint currencies like baoUSD or baoETH while utilizing our yield-bearing Bao Baskets or ETH as collateral. baofriend.eth Get diversified exposure and earn yield Curated collections of tokens, powered by automated strategies, provide optimal yield opportunities and exposure to various sectors. baofriend.eth Earn protocol revenue and governance rights Lock governance tokens, amplifying voting power to influence gauge weights and direct incentives within the ecosystem. Borrow price stable currencies on your terms Mint currencies like baoUSD or baoETH while utilizing our yield-bearing Bao Baskets or ETH as collateral. Get diversified exposure and earn yield Curated collections of tokens, powered by automated strategies, provide optimal yield opportunities and exposure to various sectors. Earn protocol revenue and governance rights Lock governance tokens, amplifying voting power to influence gauge weights and direct incentives within the ecosystem. baofriend.eth Balancing, Automation, and Options Our community wants to build innovative products on top of this cutting-edge technology and create serious competition for the established giants – together. Automated Strategies Bao products leverage sophisticated automated strategies to generate optimal yield, ensuring efficient deployment of your assets. Rebalancing Mechanism Baskets are regularly rebalanced to maintain optimal composition, maximizing potential returns and adapting to market conditions. Customizable Options Vaults provide users with the flexibility to mint and trade synthetics, tailoring their exposure to specific data points or price movements. Yield Maximization Through innovative strategies, Bao products maximize yield by compounding rewards and leveraging opportunities across various protocols. Governance Participation Bao token holders gain the ability to participate in the governance process, shaping the future of the platform and influencing key decisions. Enhanced Liquidity Bao products aim to provide increased liquidity to the market, allowing users to access and trade assets more efficiently and effectively. Ready to help us build? Whether you are a developer, designer, or just a crypto enthusiast, join our community and help us build the future of finance. Join Us! Frequently Asked Questions You have questions, we have answers. Read Our Full Docs What are synthetics? How do synthetics work? What are soft and hard synthetics? How does Bao do synthetics differently? 