 For a Limited Time: Limited Time: Belong Founder NFT Mint Founder Pass Mint Communities Belong App Nft Tickets Creator Pass Founder Pass Launch Web App TOKEN GATING FOR COMMUNITIES AND EVENTS Launch Web App Belong unites your NFT memberships, content, and events into a private community with your own branding on iOS, Android, and the web. What is token gating? Token gating is a new way to restrict access to online content and physical events by using an NFT. Tokens act like keys stored in the user’s crypto wallet and grant the access. Your own NFT Passes &amp; Tickets Start a community on Belong, and sell paid memberships as mintable NFTs. The token then gates access to chats, notifications, and even IRL events. More on NFT Tickets Log in with NFT Your community members can log in with their Web3 wallets or social logins and get access to your private chat rooms and event schedules. You can also scan their temporary QR code to admit them to physical events without a hot wallet Audited smart contract generation Save tens of thousands of dollars by using Belong for your smart contract generation - the contract you own will show up as audited on all major platforms Branded mint page generation Save time by using an auto-generated mint page to allow users to mint without logging in, or use our embeddable widget on your own website. You can also mint directly from our mobile app Receive secondary royalties Configure your membersip pass royalties and collect them on every resale - be that on Opensea, LooksRare, or anywhere else. Enforced by the smart contract, our Royalty Engine ensures that your sales benefit your community and not the scalpers Generate soulbound (non-transferrable) NFTs Make sure your membership passes stay with their authorized owners by disabling transfers through our smart contact generation engine Notifications that matter Send push notifications about upcoming mints, claims, events, and alpha - all delivered directly to your holders’ lock screens Enriched member profiles Provide community members with a better way to connect: from follow requests and social links, to shared collections, interests, and NFT updates - and know more about your audience than just their wallet address. Your private event engine Keep your community engaged and allow members to contribute to your Hub agenda - from featured IRL gatherings for holders to online meetings and scheduled community discussions Holder Map &amp; Shared Timelines Turn URL into IRL with built-in tools for holders to meet in real life, strengthening your community brand. Holders get notified about other holders in town, travel trends, and regional (or unofficial holder-led) events. A growth hack for your community Raffle mint passes among your early adopters and grow your audience, using passes for WL access and alpha. We’ve optimized the contract to have sub-$5 mint cost on ETH Layer 1 Supported by the creators of brands you know and love: Decentraland CASCADE.VC Stop missing out, install Belong Belong for Communities Belong App Belong NFT Ticketing Belong Creator Pass Blog Hubs Events English Privacy Policy EULA Copyright Belong, 2023. All rights reserved. 