 Home About How it works Create BEP20 Token Create ERC20 Token Features FAQ Smart BEP20 token generator Token Generator Now you might be asking yourself “create your own BEP-20 token or ERC-20 token in just 10 minutes? What sorcery is this?”. In fact, it is neither sorcery nor magic – it’s just BEP20 Token Generator Create Bep 20 Token Create ERC 20 Token Create Deflationary Token BEP20 Token Generator Airdrop Program What is Cryptocurrency Airdrop ? Airdrops are marketing stunts used in cryptocurrency to create awareness of a new digital currency by sending tokens or coins to wallet addresses. In exchange for retweeting a company's tweet or providing a small service, small amounts of the new virtual money are sent to the wallets of blockchain community members for free. A virtual currency airdrop is a marketing strategy that blockchain-based startups use to boost a virtual currency project's funding. By listing the cryptocurrency project as an initial coin offering (ICO), the company aims to spread awareness about the cryptocurrency project and to get more people interested in trading in it. Airdrops are generally promoted on the company's website, as well as on cryptocurrency forums, and the coins or tokens are sent only to current holders of crypto wallets The launch of the Airdrop will be announced by a countdown on all the communities Listed below : Telegram Twitter Facebook Website Youtube How to Participate? Follow BEP20 Token Generator Twitter Account Join BEP20 Token Generator Announcement Channel Retweet the following BEP20 Token Generator Event and tag 3 of your friends who should learn about BEP20 Token Generator Fillup form to get Airdrop Submit About The BEP20 Token Generator The age we stay in submits us to new challenges and possibilities on a every day basis; it is a non-stop succession of evolutions and adaptations: humans are running, society is running, the world is running.. .In each location the most is now required even simply to compete, however competing is no longer enough, this is just the home base. The crew must be profitable and visionary. Competence and preparation should be intertwined with empathy and solidarity, attention to what surrounds us and to those around us: this is the mission of our team. We have to be prepared ,alert ,eager to be section of this change, ambitious ,attentive. This is an probability to offer and extend the hand to others to get on the teach of time, rights towards the future, towards the BEP20, Cryptocurrency is a new way of conceiving the universe. How It Works? We have MetaMask installed and BNB funds in the wallet! Perfect!Lets begin the BEP 20 token making process.Please read each description we have provided for each option. Once a token is created you cannot change it. Once you select 'Create Token', the next interface will show you the fee for the creation. This fee will be in BNB. The token will be created once you approve this transaction fee. Install MetaMask &amp; Link Wallet To make the creation of tokens simple and easy, we utilize MetaMask.This is safe and secure and you are always in control of your cryptocurrency. Once MetaMask is installed, a popup will appear request you to link the wallet to our website. Please accept and continue to step 2 to begin creating your token. Add Token Detail Enter basic details about your token such as the Token Name and the Symbol. Deploy Token Simply confirm the transaction with MetaMask, and your token will be live in a few minutes! CREATE BEP20 TOKEN Create Simple BEP20 0 BNB BEP20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals 18 Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Mintable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Create Standard BEP20 0 BNB BEP20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Mintable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Create Burnable BEP20 0 BNB BEP20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Ownable Mintable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Create Mintable BEP20 0 BNB BEP20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Mintable Ownable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Create Common BEP20 0 BNB BEP20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Ownable Mintable Ownable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Create Amazing BEP20 0 BNB BEP20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Ownable Mintable Ownable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create CREATE ERC-20 TOKEN Simple ERC20 0 ETH ERC20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals 18 Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Mintable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Standard ERC20 0 ETH ERC20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Mintable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Burnable ERC20 0 ETH ERC20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Ownable Mintable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Mintable ERC20 0 ETH ERC20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Mintable Ownable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Common ERC20 0 ETH ERC20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Ownable Mintable Ownable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Amazing ERC20 0 ETH ERC20 Compliant Verified Source Code Detailed Customizable Decimals Ownable Remove Copyright Supply Type Ownable Access Type Ownable Burnable Ownable Mintable Ownable Operable (ERC1363) Token Recover Create Features Using BEP20 Token GENERATOR, users can configure the mechanics to meet their unique needs. Advanced financial mechanisms include anti-whale mechanisms, static rewards, deflationary token burn, automatic liquidity generation, and hyper-deflationary buyback are all available. Previously, the only option available to token creators was to create a token like SafeMoon or EverRise. But now token owners can combine the best of both worlds and create their own token with both buyback and automatic liquidity. This token mint platform with its cutting-edge features can be used in projects with real utility. Detailed Your Token will be fully compliant with the BEP20 definition and compatible with any BEP20 wallet all around the world. It will have a name, a symbol and a decimals amount. Capped You won't be able to generate more tokens than the defined token cap. This ensure people that you will not generate more tokens than declared. MINTABLE You will be able to generate tokens by minting them. Only token owner will be able to mint. You can also disable minting if you don’t want to generate tokens anymore. Burnable Your Token can be burnt. It means that you can choose to reduce the circulating supply by destroying some of your tokens. Ownable Access Your Token will have an Owner. Token owner will be able to mint new tokens or to call the finish minting function. Role Based Access Your Token will have Roles. You can add or remove ADMIN or MINTER role to addresses. Your token will be Ownable too. Operable Token (ERC1363) The Operable Token is a BEP20 compatible Token that can make a callback on the receiver contract to notify token transfers or token approvals. Token Recovery Support There are lots of tokens lost forever into Smart Contracts. It allows the contract owner to recover any BEP20 token sent into the contract for error. Source Code Verified The code has been verified and audited for high level of security, with EtherScan verification status. Frequently Asked Questions Frequently asked questions (FAQ) or Questions and Answers (Q&amp;A), are listed questions and answers, all supposed to be commonly asked in some context General Transaction Crypto Currency Bsc &amp; Eco System What is a BEP-20 Token? BEP-20 tokens are blockchain-based assets. BEP-20 Tokens are Smart Contracts running on the Binance Smart Chain. They can be sent and received like any other crypto. BEP-20 Standard provides specifications on how these assets must be sent, received and stored. What is Capped Supply Token? When you create the token, an initial supply of the tokens will be sent to the owners wallet. You can increase or decrease the supply of the token up to Total Supply of the Token. You won't be able to generate more tokens than the defined supply cap. What is Single Owner Token? The access to your token is limited to you, the person who created the token. There are no privileged actions for your token. You can still send and receive the tokens like usual. How much time it will take to verify my deposit? It may take minimum half an hour and maximum up to 12 hours to verify your deposit. What is Role Based Token? Your Token will have two Roles, MINTER and ADMIN. Users with 'MINTER' role will be able to mint new tokens. Users with 'ADMIN' role will be able to assign these roles to minters or other admins. The account you use to deploy your Token will be ADMIN and MINTER by default. What is Token Recovery? A lot of tokens are often lost when sent to the Smart Contract address. In order to avoid this scenario for your tokens, Create My Tokens includes support for recovering any tokens directly sent to the smart contract. What is Unlimited Supply Token? When you create the token, an initial supply of the tokens will be sent to the owners wallet. You can later increase or decrease the supply of the token without any limits. What is Transferable Ownership Token? Your Token will have an Owner. The account you use to deploy your Token will be owner by default and will be able to mint new tokens. You can transfer token ownership to addresses or Smart Contract. You can still send and receive the tokens like usual. Who can Burn or Mint my tokens? Minting depends on the access type. In case of Transferable Ownership, the owner will be able to mint new tokens. In case of Role Based tokens, users with the MINTER role will be able to mint new tokens. You will only be able to mint new tokens until your Supply Cap is hit, which is Unlimited in case of Unlimited Token. Everyone will be able to burn the coins they hold. What's the difference between None, Ownable and Role Based Access? None Your Token doesn't need an access type because of there are not actions that needs privileges. Ownable Your Token will have an Owner. The account you use to deploy your Token will be owner by default and will be able to mint new tokens or call the finish minting function. You can transfer token ownership to addresses or Smart Contract. Role Based Your Token will have Roles. Accounts with "MINTER" role will be able to mint new tokens. Accounts with "ADMIN" role will be able to add or remove roles to minters or other admins. The account you use to deploy your Token will be ADMIN and MINTER by default. In addition your Token will have the Ownable behaviour too.. Who can mint or burn tokens? Mint It depends on your Token Access Type. If you choose Ownable Access only Token Owner will be able to mint new tokens. If you choose Role Based Access only addresses with MINTER role will be able to mint new tokens. In both cases, if you choose a Capped supply you won't be able to mint more tokens than the defined cap. By choosing Unlimited supply instead, you will be able to generate unlimited tokens. Burn Everyone will be able to burn tokens he held. A third party can burn tokens from other addresses only after an approval. Nobody, not even the Token Owner, will be able to burn tokens from other addresses without approval. Will be having BEP20 Generator Copyright an issue? No. BEP20 Generator code is released under MIT License so, using HelloBEP20 for FREE or SimpleBEP20, you will have a view method in your Smart Contract named "generator" showing a link to this page. You will also have a disclaimer in source code. It is not an issue for you because of your Token will be fully compliant with BEP20 definition. You can remove it by choosing a token type with remove Copyright feature. What is Token Recover? There are lots of tokens lost forever into Smart Contracts. Each Ethereum contract is a potential token trap for BEP20 tokens. They can't be recovered so it means money losses for end users. TokenRecover allows the contract owner to recover any BEP20 token sent into the contract for error. This behaviour is derived by ERC20 Token Recover. Disclaimer BEP20 Token Generator and its author are free of any liability regarding Tokens built using this App, and the use that is made of them. Tokens built on BEP20 Token Generator, their projects, their teams, their use of Token (as well as anything related to Token) are in no way connected to BEP20 Token Generator or its author. Will my Token Source Code be verified on BscScan? es, your token source code will be already verified by "Similar Match". It means that your source code is similar to other tokens deployed using this generator. Can I add logo and information to my token on BscScan? Once your token will be deployed you will be able to add information on BscScan using their procedure. How to connect MetaMask to Binance Smart Chain You need to access the Settings to point the wallet towards Binance Smart Chain nodes. On the Settings page, locate the Networks menu. Click Add Network in the top-right corner to manually add the Binance Smart Chain one. There are two networks we can use here: the testnet or the mainnet. Below are the parameters to fill in for each. Mainnet (This is the one you are probably looking for) Network Name: Binance Smart Chain New RPC URL: https://bsc-dataseed.binance.org/ ChainID: 56 Symbol: BNB Block Explorer URL: https://bscscan.com Testnet Network Name: Binance Smart Chain - Testnet New RPC URL: https://data-seed-prebsc-1-s1.binance.org:8545/ ChainID: 97 Symbol: BNB Block Explorer URL: https://testnet.bscscan.com Our Clients Get In Touch! Contact With Us Address BEP20 Token Generator Dall Hunji,21888 Belloount Olive Mark Road - UK Email-id Submit Try building your BEP20 Token in less than a minute. You can try on Test Network before to go live. Follow Us Disclaimer: BEP20 Token Generator and its author are free of any liability regarding Tokens built using this App, and the use that is made of them. Tokens built on BEP20 Token Generator, their projects, their teams, their use of Token (as well as anything related to Token) are in no way connected to BEP20 Token Generator or its author. BEP20 Token Generator's code is provided under MIT License. Anyone can use it as per their needs. The App's purpose is to make people able to tokenize their ideas without coding. Source code is verified and well tested and continuously updated to reduce risk of bugs and introduce language optimizations. Anyway the purchase of tokens involves a high degree of risk. Before acquiring tokens, it is recommended to carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed in Token owner's Conditions. Copyright © 2021-22 BEP20 Token Generator. Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Conditions 