 Sports Esports Sign in Sign up EN Sports Esports BSGG Staking Live Support Light Dark Sports Esports BSGG Staking Live Support Light Dark Betswap.gg is perfect for sports bettors of all levels. Sign up today and take control of your betting strategy! WEB3 BETTING The Decentralized Crypto Betting Platform SPORTS Elevate your sports betting experience by wagering on any sport using cryptocurrency on our dynamic platform. PLAY NOW ESPORTS Discover the thrill of Esports betting. PLAY NOW No Crypto? No Problem BUY NOW Leaderboard Sports Bets Top Winners High Stakers Event Penybont FC-The New Saints Market Total Goals Over / Under Selection Over 3.5 User 0x6b...1679 Date &amp; Time 07 Oct 2023 Odds 2.15 Bet Amount $58.26 Bet Type Lay Event Penybont FC-The New Saints Market Total Goals Over / Under Selection Over 3.5 User 0x69...b6cc Date &amp; Time 07 Oct 2023 Odds 2.15 Bet Amount $50.66 Bet Type Back Event Manchester United-Brentford Market 1X2 Selection Brentford User 0x6b...1679 Date &amp; Time 07 Oct 2023 Odds 4.9 Bet Amount $50.70 Bet Type Lay Event Manchester United-Brentford Market 1X2 Selection Brentford User 0xe1...ed62 Date &amp; Time 07 Oct 2023 Odds 4.9 Bet Amount $13.00 Bet Type Back Event Manchester United-Brentford Market 1X2 Selection Draw User 0x6b...1679 Date &amp; Time 07 Oct 2023 Odds 4 Bet Amount $21.00 Bet Type Lay Event Manchester United-Brentford Market 1X2 Selection Draw User 0xe1...ed62 Date &amp; Time 07 Oct 2023 Odds 4 Bet Amount $7.00 Bet Type Back No Crypto wallet, No Problem Get Wallet in a MINUTE! BUY NOW! SPORTS BETTING ON BLOCKCHAIN TRUSTLESS One of our core principles is trustlessness. This means that our platform is designed to operate without relying on a centralized authority or intermediary. PERMISSIONLESS In the web3 ecosystem, permissionlessness is a fundamental principle that we embrace wholeheartedly. Being permissionless means that anyone can freely access and participate in our platform without needing approval or authorization from a central entity. NON-CUSTODIAL Unlike traditional betting platforms that require users to deposit their funds into centralized accounts, we utilize decentralized finance (DeFi) protocols and smart contracts to enable direct peer-to-peer transactions. We never hold or control user funds, reducing the risk of loss, theft, or mismanagement. BSGG PROTOCOL FAQ Browse our frequently asked questions below, if you can not find the answer to you’re looking for please contact us. Q: What is Betswap.gg? A: Betswap is the decentralized sports betting exchange and casino built with blockchain technology, where players can opt to play casino games or make peer to peer sports betting on their favorite teams. Q: What is a Betting exchange? A: A betting exchange is a marketplace that allows bettors to wager against each other at lower fees than those offered by a traditional sportsbook. Two customers agree on the odds and stakes for a given game, and bet against one another. Betting exchanges are different from traditional betting sites in that they allow players to bet directly against each other and set odds themselves. Instead of being limited to the odds set by bookies, and only having the option to back a certain outcome, a betting exchange allows users to go head-to-head against each other by either backing or laying. Q: How does Betswap work? A: As Betswap is peer-to-peer, you bet against other users and liquidity providers, and the exchange acts as an intermediary marketplace for your bets. Betswap offers users more flexibility than traditional sportsbooks, and the ability to set their own odds allowing bettors for the first time to play both sides of a bet: as a bettor or a bookie. Q: What are Ethereum Smart Contracts? A: Ethereum smart contracts are written in computer code and recorded on the Ethereum blockchain, and are essentially self-executing contracts with predetermined rules and conditions. They enable transaction and agreement automation without the use of intermediaries. Consider a smart contract to be a digital contract between two or more parties. These contracts specify the terms and circumstances that apply to a certain transaction or relationship. When the contract's requirements are met, the contract automatically executes itself, carrying out the agreed-upon acts. Most of the betting process at Betswap uses smart contracts. When you opt to sign in via web3, we never take possession of your funds, ever. Q: What is an advantage of using blockchain technology? A: There are various advantages to using blockchain technology in a betting site. To begin, blockchain enables transparency and immutability, which means that all transactions on the blockchain are available to all participants and cannot be edited or manipulated. Furthermore, blockchain-based betting sites can deliver transactions that are quicker and more efficient. Withdrawals can be implemented fast with automated smart contracts, eliminating the need for manual processing. Finally, the adoption of blockchain improves security. It becomes very resistant to hacking or data manipulation by storing data across a decentralized network of computers. This protects both user payments and personal information. SEE MORE Latest from BSGG How Blockchain Betting technology is bringing the power back to… The betting industry is monopolized by a few large online sports betting behemoths. Restrictive and ever… Read article There’s a New Leader in the Sports Gaming World... Algorithmic money market Wonderland has made a seed investment in Polygon blockchain-based... Read article Launches Public Testnet Decentralized Sports Betting… The Betswap.gg team has announced the testnet launch of its decentralized betting exchange on Feb. 2, 2022… Read article How Blockchain Betting technology is bringing the power back to… Sports betting is a standard affair in the world of gaming and sports. But now, with its advent into the blockchain … Read article The First Decentralized Betting Exchange The world of online betting has had a controversial history with several attempts being made in the … Read article OUR INVESTORS BSSG Online Casino Active members of our community participate in regular customer focus and research groups to define the look and feel of our products and features. They help decide which new games and tournaments we introduce and which rewards and promotions we offer. Developing the best and most widely used decentralized Sports Trading Exchange &amp; Casino platform wouldn't be possible without our community. Show more &gt;&gt; Help us improve your experience SUBMIT Now get rewarded for your valuable feedback Or Email us: support@betswap.gg CONTACT US Join our Socials Channels Our Community International Brazil India China Spain Italy You must be over 18 years old and reside in a country where it is lawful to place bets on this service (if in doubt, you should seek local legal advice). It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the service is legal. Please gamble responsibly. Join our newsletter for guides, tutorials &amp; latest sports related updates. Subscribe Join our newsletter for guides, tutorials &amp; latest sports related updates. 2023 © All rights reserved | Betswap.gg About us Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy BSGG Token FAQ's Sports Cricket Football American Football Sports Exchange Rules Support Responsible Gambling Whitepaper GitHub Live Chat Community Discord Telegram Social Media Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn All Rights Reserved. https://betswap.gg/ is a website operated by BSGG Labs N.V., a company incorporated under the laws of Curacao, having a registered office at Zuikertuintjeweg Z/N, Willemstad, Curacao. Registration number: 238992 BSGG Labs N.V. is authorized by the Government of Curaçao as an Information Provider legally authorized to conduct online e-gaming operations from Curacao under Licence No 365/JAZ Sub-License GLH-OCCHKTW0709112022. 2023 © All rights reserved | Betswap.gg 