 Home Marketplace Characters Play Build Wiki Token Account Account LOGIN Email Password Login Register Account Recovery MMORPG METAVERSE BLOCKCHAIN INTEGRATED BEO is MMORPG METAVERSE where you can Build, Fight, Explore, and Trade. PLAY NOW Official Trailer Game Story BEO is set in 2035. The nefarious group called Illuminati took over the world with their agenda in 2030. The New World Order as it was called, ushered an alien invasion with the help of a neighboring race. This invasion helped their plan to take over and decimate most of the human race. 5 years after the take down, there were barely any humans left. Most have been genetically modified for more than a decade through nano tech, and now are almost bionic in nature. Some of these bred humans disconnect from their programming and the hive mind, going rogue. Core Features Fight Explore Build Trade Meet Nothing like the thrill of the fight. From space dog fights to intense all out galactic wars to strategic 1 one 1 combat, battles can occur anytime and anywhere. You must decide whether to chase down bounties, raid civilian cargo ships, or be a defender of peace. The choice is yours, just be armed. Fight Galactic Races Integrated Beluga Bay Integrated Cranky Critters Draconians Humans Martians Integrated Alien Boy Integrated Foxy Fam Integrated Lambduhs Integrated Elegant Elephants Integrated Ethereals Integrated Baked Bears Integrated Non-Fungible Heroes Integrated Space Yetis Integrated Lonely Aliens Integrated Metaguardians Integrated Bored Mummy No First Contact Space Ships Prepare For Flight. Find Your Vessel Fly Crew System Send your Crew or Mercenaries on Mission Stake Star Map Explore the Galactic Map Explore Galactic Travel Tokens $GTT is the native ERC-20 token of the Beyond Earth universe. $GTT is used to craft NFTs, buy land, buy space ships, to power your starships, to pay for mercenaries, or in the Beyond Earth Marketplace. $GTT tokens also represent voting power, enabling players to influence the game's destiny. Learn ©2023 Beyond Earth . All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms | Cookies 