 BiFi Launch App Total value locked Cross-chain $ 13,196,576.67 The ultimate cross-chain DeFi platform Supply, borrow, and earn efficiently with BiFi BiFi Cross-chain Legacy BiFi Earn more with BiFi Connect your wallet Connect a decentralized wallet of your choice. Biport is a multichain wallet that supports all chains on BiFi. Manage all assets in one place without the hassle of adding or switching networks. Install Biport Supply assets Supply crypto assets to start earning interest automatically. Start with ETH, USDC, BNB, MATIC, USDT, and many more as we connect to many more chains. Sit back and earn Once you have supplied assets, sit back and watch your earnings grow. To maximize your earnings, borrow against your supplies, provide more liquidity, and repeat! Buy BFC Buy BiFi on Upbit on Uniswap on Gate.io on Bithumb on Sushiswap Go Why BiFi? Cross-chain Bifrost's groundbreaking cross-chain technology enables connectivity of all native chains. On BiFi, anyone can supply and borrow assets from one native chain to another in a completely decentralized way as validators verify every transaction. Security Hacks and frauds have tainted the blockchain ecosystem. Our team of white hat hackers, researchers, and security experts is dedicated to maintaining the highest security standards. With us, you can put your assets to work and your mind at ease. Get leveraged yield farming and trading Start BiFi X Frequently Asked Questions What is BiFi? BiFi(Bifrost Finance) is the decentralized finance(DeFi) project powered by Bifrost’s cross-chain technology. Bifrost enables BiFi to be more scalable and transparent than other DeFi services. By connecting different networks and ensuring the free movement of assets, BiFi suggests a new paradigm for DeFi. On BiFi users can currently supply and borrow ETH, USDC, BNB, MATIC, and USDT. More assets and advanced derivative investment products will also be supported in the near future. What is Bifrost? BiFi is powered by Bifrost which initially started in 2018 as a middleware project providing multichain capabilities to other networks. Bifrost has now grown into an entire ecosystem propelled by the Bifrost Network, a new mainnet launched in 2023. BiFi is the first DeFi DApp that showcases the cross-chain capabilities of Bifrost. Learn more about Bifrost here . Why should I use BiFi? Existing DeFi services are mostly restricted to a singular blockchain ecosystem. In order to use digital assets of different blockchain networks, most DeFi services require the use of wrapped tokens. The only other option is to invest in CeFi(centralized finance) services that come with their own limits and vulnerabilities. BiFi supports digital assets on different blockchains without requiring users to wrap tokens. This significantly reduces the inconvenience and unreliability involved with wrapped tokens. Also, as a fully decentralized service, BiFi minimizes the security issues involved with CeFi exchanges and ensures decentralization through its validator verification mechanism. As a powerful cross-chain DeFi platform, BiFi will continue to expand the DeFi ecosystem. Which digital assets can I use? BiFi currently supports native ETH, USDC, BNB, MATIC, and USDT. Actively utilizing Bifrost’s cross-chain technology, we will continue to expand our service by adding new chains and assets. Who is building BiFi? The BiFi team consists of experts in finance, security, and blockchain. Led by people with a combined experience of over 20 years in finance, we are committed to developing a state-of-the-art DeFi service that is secure and easy to use. We are part of a team building Bifrost that powers BiFi. Learn more about Bifrost here . Pioneering the future of DeFi BiFi Cross-chain Legacy BiFi White Paper Twitter Medium Contact Docs Privacy Policy &amp; Terms of Use 