 Home Home About Roadmap Blogs Newsroom Whitepaper Buy Crypto Trade Trade Home Home About Roadmap Blogs Newsroom Whitepaper Buy Crypto Trade Not your keys, not your crypto. World's First Hybrid Shariah-Compliant Crypto Exchange. Start trading crypto with just $10. Earn yield Visit Exchange Microsoft Partnership We are proud to collaborate with one of the industry giants, Microsoft, to bring you innovative and secure crypto trading! 50% profit-sharing model Biokript offers a unique 50% profit-sharing model, ensuring that our loyal community members get rewarded for their trust and support! Full Custody Your funds, your control! With Biokript, you hold the reins of your investments, ensuring complete custody and peace of mind! 50% profit-sharing model Biokript offers a unique 50% profit-sharing model, ensuring that our loyal community members get rewarded for their trust and support! Microsoft Partnership We are proud to collaborate with one of the industry giants, Microsoft, to bring you innovative and secure crypto trading! Full Custody Your funds, your control! With Biokript, you hold the reins of your investments, ensuring complete custody and peace of mind! Build your crypto portfolio Start Your Halal Trading Journey Today! 1 Connect your Wallet. Connect your decentralized wallet for self- custody trading. Get Started 2 Buy Crypto. Don’t have crypto in your wallet? No worries, fund your account today. Get Started 3 Mine Liquidity. Earn up to 300% APR rewards for a limited time when you stake your asset pairs in our Liquidity Pools. Get Started BIOKRIPT - World's first hybrid Shariah-compliant crypto trading platform. Shariah compliant crypto trading platform Biokript has joined Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub, a global program dedicated to accelerating high potential start-ups for exponential growth Read more Biokript: If It's Not your Keys,It's Not Your Crypto. By combining both centralized and decentralized features, Biokript will offer a trustworthy and efficient trading platform. Read more Biokript: Shariah Compliant In Islamic financial law, Mudarabah is a partnership concept. With Mudarabah, one party provides the capital and the other provides labor or expertise. Both the investor (rabb al-mal) and the manager (mudbrib) share profits. Read more Meet our team With faith, integrity, and hard work our goal is to provide Shariah-compliant crypto services and in the process move the world toward decentralization by educating people about the blockchain technology. About me? Adnana Alisic Customer Relations About me? Adnan Alisic CEO &amp; Founder About me? Irfan Dervisevic Creative Director About me? Sahal Imran Full Stack Developer About me? Mohammed Saaduddin Ansari Project Manager About me? Hamad Khan Systems Engineer About me? Fareed Olayiwola Marketing Specialist About me? Ademir Alimanovic UI/UX Designer About me? Muhammad Abdullah Blockchain Developer About me? Mubeen Ahmed Web3.0 Developer Backed by the best Keep up with our newsletter Sign up BIOKRIPT Hybrid Exchange is a spot trading platform that combines the best features of both CEX and DEX. BIOKRIPT provides its BKPT users access to 50/50 profit shares generated from the exchanges&nbsp;trading&nbsp;fees. Access Beta Community Company Blog Whitepaper Invest in us AML Policy Privacy policy Terms &amp; Conditions Support support@biokript.com Address Sarajevo, 71,000, Bosnia and Herzegovina Glendale, Arizona, United States 