 x Join the Waitlist x Mastercard: A new era of Finance for blockbank unveiled 🚀 Help &amp; Support Team AI Learning Hub HODL Card Fideum Launch App Banking Done Right. Now. Experience simplicity and convenience with our all-in-one crypto neo banking app. Take control of your assets, trade, and spend funds globally in seconds. Order Your Card Now Unlock the full potential of borderless banking with blockbank, get started by ordering your new shiny card. Order Card Now Centralized Finance (CeFi) Experience the ultimate convenience and simplicity with our all-in-one crypto platform. Easily manage your assets, trade at the best market prices, earn rewards, and track your portfolio with ease. Upgrade to a better banking experience now and put your crypto to work. Store Your Assets Securely Safely store your assets with your dedicated, insured wallet. Trade in Seconds Maximize your profits with competitive trade prices. Earn on your Crypto Increase your passive earning potential Node Staking Participate in staking networks &amp; maximize yields Decentralized Finance (DeFi) Experience financial freedom with our revolutionary decentralized, anonymous, and non-custodial multi-currency wallet. Securely store and manage your digital assets across various chains such as ETH, BSC, Avalanche, and Polygon. Take control of your financial future with the cutting-edge technology of our wallet. Take control of your Assets Be your own bank with our truly decentralized wallet Multi-Chain trading Supporting the top 5 blockchains with more to follow Access to Web3 Browser Connect to the web3 world with the built in browser Price Aggregator Get the best price using our smart order routing system Banking Unleash the power of borderless banking with blockbank. A complete modern fintech platform that provides convenient and secure borderless banking services for all. Credit Card Rewards Worldwide Acceptance Personal &amp; Business Checking Account Instant Payments Crypto Friendly Remittance Centralized Finance Experience the ultimate convenience and simplicity with our all-in-one crypto platform. Decentralized Finance Experience financial freedom with our decentralized, non-custodial multi-currency wallet. Banking Unleash the power of borderless banking with blockbank. Earn on Your Crypto Tier 1 0+ USD worth of $BBANK locked in app Up to 1% APY on BBANK Up to 1% APY on other assets Refer a friend and you both get $5 in rewards Tier 2 2,500 USD worth of $BBANK locked in app Up to 2% APY on BBANK Up to 2% APY on other assets Refer a friend and you both get $25 in rewards Tier 3 15,000 USD worth of $BBANK locked in app Up to 4% APY on BBANK Up to 3% APY on other assets Refer a friend and you both get $50 in rewards VIP 50,000 USD worth of $BBANK locked in app Up to 8% APY on BBANK Up to 5% APY on other assets Additional 10% APY in BBANK on other assets Refer a friend and you both get $50 in rewards Start Earning Editorial picks just for you! All News How To Articles Announcements Fideum &amp; CoinSmart: Charting the Future of Simple, Intuitive Crypto Trading 🚀 When two giants in their respective domains come together, the world stands up and takes notice. Such is the story of Fideum and CoinSmart, two […] Deep Dive: Fideum’s Partnership with Mastercard – A Beacon of Progress In today’s era of financial evolution, the line between traditional financial institutions and innovative fintech platforms is blurring. It’s a time when traditional powerhouses and […] The Dawn of Fideum: Blockbank’s Evolution and What It Means for Our Retail Community In the vibrant, ever-evolving world of finance, adaptation is the key to enduring success. From its inception, Blockbank has been more than a brand—it’s been […] blockbank’s Crypto Debit Card: Reinventing Neobanking June 22nd — Pre-Order Your blockbank “HODL” Crypto Debit Card Today! After months of anticipation, the wait is finally over! We at blockbank are beyond thrilled to […] Women Invest, Cardano Summit &amp; More There is no better way to spend your weekend than investing time in sharing knowledge, introducing blockbank to new audiences &amp; building communities. Founders of […] V3 Tutorial: How to Create blockbank CeFi Account &amp; Complete KYC Watch our video tutorial on how to create a blockbank CeFi account below, or head over to YouTube and subscribe to our channel for news […] V3 Tutorial: How to Set Up 2FA on the blockbank app Watch our video tutorial on how to set up 2FA on the blockbank app, or head over to&nbsp;YouTube&nbsp;and subscribe to our channel for news and […] Understanding the Difference Between USDC and USDT Stablecoins If you’re an avid crypto trader, the chances are that you’ve experienced incredibly successful trades on occasions, but in the next minute, you’re counting huge […] Why Cybersecurity in Crypto is More Important than Ever As the crypto term is becoming a nowhere wonder, more consumers, businesses, and governments discover virtual assets and blockchains, cyber-attacks have highlighted security risks when […] What is The Merge And All You Need To Know About Transition to Ethereum 2.0 The Merge is one of the hottest topics in the blockchain world right now when Ethereum will shift from proof-of-work consensus mechanism to Beacon Chain […] What is the Crypto Faucet? Since the advent of cryptocurrency, blockchain technology has grown to the point that even if a cryptocurrency dips in value, it rises again even higher […] Fideum &amp; CoinSmart: Charting the Future of Simple, Intuitive Crypto Trading 🚀 When two giants in their respective domains come together, the world stands up and takes notice. Such is the story of Fideum and CoinSmart, two […] Deep Dive: Fideum’s Partnership with Mastercard – A Beacon of Progress In today’s era of financial evolution, the line between traditional financial institutions and innovative fintech platforms is blurring. It’s a time when traditional powerhouses and […] The Dawn of Fideum: Blockbank’s Evolution and What It Means for Our Retail Community In the vibrant, ever-evolving world of finance, adaptation is the key to enduring success. From its inception, Blockbank has been more than a brand—it’s been […] blockbank’s Crypto Debit Card: Reinventing Neobanking June 22nd — Pre-Order Your blockbank “HODL” Crypto Debit Card Today! After months of anticipation, the wait is finally over! We at blockbank are beyond thrilled to […] Institutional services brought to you by GenBlock Experience personalized support with GenBlock Financial’s dedicated team. With over 50 years of traditional finance experience, our institutional desk is here to help family offices and hedge funds navigate the exciting world of crypto finance. Your trusted partner in the world of crypto finance. Banking CeFi DeFi Institutional Services Investing Website Staking AI Financial Assistant Support FAQ Submit a Ticket Delete Account Privacy Policy Terms Of Use About Us Team About Us Blog Please note that the availability of the products and services on the blockbank mobile application and web-based version is subject to jurisdictional limitations. blockbank may not offer certain products, features and/or services on the blockbank mobile application and web-based version in certain jurisdictions due to regulatory restrictions. UAB Hodl Services, a company incorporated in Lithuania operates under the license of Crypto Currency Exchange Operator and Crypto Currency Depository Wallet Operator. UAB Hodl Services is authorized to provide the following services: fiat-crypto, crypto-fiat and crypto-crypto exchange and virtual asserts custody and management of client’s cryptocurrency depository wallets. Any other product or service offered in the blockbank mobile application and the web-based version, and advertised on this website is provided by other group companies and does not fall within the UAB Hodl Services regulated services. Company Address: 128 City Road | London | United Kingdom | EC1V 2NX Copyright @ blockbank | All rights reserved | Fideum Group 