 Home Player Network Team About us Litepaper Coming soon BlockGames Player Network Team About Litepaper BlockGames Joyful gameplay with instant, scalable rewards A cross-chain, cross-game, decentralized Player Network that unlocks player growth for games. Get early access now Click to play 5 Games connected and growing 250k Active web3 community across connected games 50M Monthly active users across our founding studio games Trusted by 3 simple steps to great rewards 1 Discover and play new games Choose from a fast-growing network of high-quality games. Download, sign up, and start playing the games you love. 2 Invite friends and engage Share your game discoveries with your friends and followers and engage across the Player Network for rewards that virally scale. 3 Redeem your rewards&nbsp; Redeem rewards earned for your participation and contribution to the Player Network. View your personalized dashboard in games—and beyond! Digital tokens Cash Digital collectibles Gift cards Build up your BlockGames ID as you play, and receive personalized rewards. $BLOCK tokens, gift cards, digital collectibles, and in-game experiences are just some of the treats on offer for players! So what are you waiting for? Get early access now Start exploring Become part of the world's leading Player Network connecting games and players through a cyclical value rewards system. Coming Soon Blast Royale Blast Royale 50k+ A combination of MOBA features with immersive Battle Royale gameplay jam-packed in a vibrant battlefield. Game Website App Store Google Play Coming Soon Planet Mojo Planet Mojo 100k+ A Redefining strategy multiplayer PVP autochess battler game, set on a mysterious alien planet with a deep narrative. Game Website Coming Soon Cards of Ethernity Cards of Ethernity 50k+ A dark fantasy competitive card game that offers an engaging and rewarding experience for gamers and collectors alike. Game Website Coming Soon Triumph: Fantasy RPG Triumph: Fantasy RPG 50k+ A real-time multiplayer RPG from the creators of Legendary that combines the best of free-to-play and web3. Game Website App Store Google Play Coming Soon Shatterpoint Shatterpoint 50k+ A free-to-play, free-to-own action RPG for mobile that features PVP &amp; PVE gameplay modes and an interactive, narrative-driven universe. Game Website Coming Soon Forest Knight Forest Knight 40k+ A free-to-play, turn-based RPG that features PVE &amp; PVP gameplay modes in a story-driven fantasy universe. Game Website Google Play Coming Soon Rogue Nation Rogue Nation 25k+ A revolutionary take on modern rogue-lite, combining fast-paced gameplay with a deep progression through player actions. Game Website Begin your rewards adventure! Be among the first to enter a world of fun, games, rewards, and exclusive collectibles. But hurry, there are only few thousand spots available! Get early access now Plug into a fun-first , Player Network that gives you more Cross-chain, cross-game For unparalleled scope, scale, flexibility, and security for players and games, BlockGames Player Network is built across multiple chains. Self-sustaining BlockGames is designed to attract an ever-increasing number of games and players consistently adding and receiving value in a mutualistic cycle of growth and earned rewards. Powered by $BLOCK $BLOCK is integral to the BlockGames network—the primary exchange of value that connects all stakeholders. As the Player Network exponentially grows, so does demand for $BLOCK. Launch chains Learn more Stay in the loop Join our rapidly growing community of BlockGames natives and unlock the full potential of the player network, powered by $BLOCK. Get early access Be among the first to discover a treasure trove of fun and rewards - limited to just couple of thousand spots! Get early access now Player network with instant rewards, that unlocks user growth for games Player network Team About us Litepaper BlockGames Coming soon © 2023, Block Games Terms of use Privacy Policy 