 Free Landing Page Builder Tool Mobirise v5.6.8 Mobirise Alternative BNbitcoin About FAQ Mining DEXs NFTs Links Community Donations BNbitcoin The first BEP20 Proof-of-Work pure-mined cryptocurrency native to the Binance BNB Smart Chain (BSC). 21M tokens solely distributed through Proof-of-Work mining over the next several decades. No ICO. No airdrop. No pre-mine. Trustless, permissionless, decentralized.&nbsp; WHITEPAPER What is BNbitcoin? BNbitcoin is the first pure-mined PoW cryptocurrency on the BNB Chain network. It is inspired by the original Bitcoin project of Satoshi Nakamoto, but programmed to be a BEP20 compliant, mineable token through a smart contract running on the BNB Smart Chain (BSC) ecosystem. It is an open-source project and there is no pre-mine, no airdrop nor ICO: it is transparently and solely distributed through Proof-of-Work mining, just like Bitcoin. BNBTC Token Statistics BNBTC Trading Chart Smart contract coordinates: BNB Smart Chain (BSC) &nbsp;network Contract address: 0xE7Cb24F449973D5B3520E5b93D88B405903c75Fb Token symbol: BNBTC Token decimals: 8 Total supply: 21'000'000 FAQ How can I obtain it? You can obtain BNBTC by mining it and it can also be traded on several&nbsp; exchanges . Can you provide more details about BNbitcoin? To start with BNBTC we suggest to install Metamask to create an account (exactly like in the case of an Ethereum account), and add the BNB Smart Chain to your networks portfolio, as described here . BNBTC can be added as a custom token in MetaMask using the abovementioned contract address . To start mining BNBTC you can join a mining pool developed by Community contributors. FPGA-based mining devices are mainly used for BNBTC. Please follow the setup guidelines reported below &nbsp;to setup your device and start mining! What are the advantages of BNbitcoin if compared to other projects? BNbitcoin is the first Proof-of-Work project ever built on top of a Proof-of-Staked-Authority blockchain. Its distribution, fully inspired by Bitcoin and 1:1 comparable to that, is 100% based on math. It allows the creation of tokens only by solving a mathematical puzzle through PoW-mining. It is not possible to create tokens "out of the thin air". Thanks to this, BNBTC is fully neutral and no one can alter it. Its biggest advantages are nevertheless the less expensive transaction and minting costs, which allow BNBTC to be used on the mainchain (without any need of scaling solutions) and also for small payments. What is the Binance "BNB Smart Chain"? Binance BNB Smart Chain is a Proof-of-Staked-Authority (PoSA) blockchain which enables the creation of smart contracts. Its native currency is BNB, it is EVM-compatible and it creates an ecosystem where validators, token holders, developers, and users all benefit from a rewarding blockchain that offers high performance and ample space for further innovations. It has very low transaction fees and blocks are generated every 3 seconds, making this the most suitable environment for the recent DeFi and GameFi applications and for mining BNBTC at low costs. Can I develop on top of BNbitcoin? Yes! Community contributors and freelance developers are really welcome! BNBTC is an open source project and everyone can develop Dapps or other kind of services based on it, even for profit. Mining &nbsp;FPGA mining pool setup The current mining difficulty level allows a competitive pool-mining mainly by using FPGA-based devices. A configuration example is here provided for HashAltcoin 's Blackminer F1, F1+ and F2 devices: 1. First of all you need a wallet address on BSC: if you own an iOS device, we suggest to use 1INCH DeFi wallet &nbsp;to create one, otherwise use for example Metamask or Trust Wallet to create your own wallet. 2. Log in to your FPGA device from your browser once it is connected to the network (for Blackminers the access address is http://blackminer/ . Default settings are user: root and password: root )&nbsp; &nbsp; 3. Once inside the miner's configuration and monitoring page, you need to install the 0xBTC firmware for your specific device following the help page from the left side menu. You can find the latest version on the official HashAltcoin download page. Follow the guide provided in the help section to properly configure your device, being careful to follow the steps exactly as the miner manufacturer suggests to do (to avoid any potential hardware damage). 4. Once the mining algo has been properly installed and the miner's firmware is properly configured, you need to specify your mining address you created at step 1., pointing it to the mining pool's address. Currently the most reliable mining pool for BNBTC is " 0xpool.me ". To do this you need to enter your mining address in the "Configuration" --&gt; "Pool/Miner" section, together with the mining pool URL --&gt; stratum+tcp://0xpool.me&nbsp;&nbsp; and " 123 " as password (the help page shows an example of this configuration).&nbsp;Click the “ Save ” button on the page bottom and wait until the miner reboots. &nbsp; 5. You are ready to go!!! Welcome to the BNBTC miners' Community :)&nbsp;. You can monitor your miner's hashrate in the "Miner Status" page. You can monitor pool statistics here &nbsp;and the list of the mining accounts here &nbsp;(your account will appear as soon as shares are found). For more information about mining pool fees and bonuses for miners, please check the mining pool's website at 0xpool.me . DEXs ...and many more!!! BNBTC punks to the Community! 21 BNBTC Punks have been minted as NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens) on the Binance Smart Chain: 1 for every Million of the BNBTC tokens total supply. These rare collectibles are now owned by Community members!&nbsp; &nbsp; Links Join the Community! Twitter Discord Reddit Medium Bitcointalk&nbsp; Telegram&nbsp; YouTube&nbsp; GitHub Free donations for BNBTC BNbitcoin is a Community-based project, without Companies nor Corporations providing funds for marketing campaigns, advertising and to access big exchanges listings. Voluntary contributions from the Community are welcome and can be sent to the following address on BSC (BNBTC, BUSD, BNB, USDT are accepted). The use of such donations will be described in the BNBTC dedicated Discord channel (#donations-listings-devs) and can be monitored on bscscan.com: 0x2cCd2fb3De03FA100208f6b0A6F6e75fc8853238 Charity donations Voluntary contributions from the Community are welcome to support charity initiatives aiming to help people over all the World, and can be sent to the following address on BSC&nbsp;(BNBTC, BUSD, BNB, USDT are accepted). The use of such donations will be described in the BNBTC dedicated Discord channel (#donations-charity) and can be monitored on bscscan.com:&nbsp; 0x0D7d4850E9016BBc91b29457D3Dafdc3325C2Fac Cookie policy -&nbsp; Privacy policy &nbsp;- Terms of Use The source code is released under the MIT license. © Copyright 2021-2023 BNbitcoin.org ‌ This site use cookies. By continuing to browse on bnbitcoin.org, you agree to our cookie policy , to our privacy policy and to our terms of use . I AGREE 