 HOME USABILITY NUMBERS RESEARCH VERSE Together we power the change. Join us and transform your device into a beacon of change, powering vital scientific research and creating a positive global impact through the strength of distributed computing on a blockchain. JOIN THE BOID COMMUNITY Further your contribution by exploring the myriad of protocols we support, each one a testament to the transformative power of distributed computing. As a member of the Boid community, you're at the forefront of technological innovation, shaping the future of blockchain applications. Boid in nutshell Usability and profits Ease of Participation Boid makes it simple for anyone with a device to participate in distributed computing. By installing the Boid application, users can contribute their device's computational resources to various protocols, making the process straightforward and accessible. Community Engagement Boid fosters a strong community of users who are actively involved in shaping the future of distributed computing. Users can join teams, participate in discussions, and have a say in the platform's direction. Rewarding Contributions Boid acknowledges the value of each user's contribution by offering a unique form of recognition. This system ensures that your efforts in supporting the network and contributing to its growth are appreciated and acknowledged, reinforcing the community spirit and shared purpose within the Boid network. Boid in numbers 89k Folding@home - Work Units 3.02M World Community Grid - Work Units 10342 years CPU Computing time Our community supports various initiatives Cancer research Parkinsons / Alzheimers Photosynthesis Protein Folding The Boid Verse is a radical new take on The Play-to-Earn model driving players incentivizing them to put forth their spare computing power helping to solve some of the worlds greatest diseases, including Cancer, while being rewarded greatly for their time in game. To learn more about the heart of the BoidVerse check out the dedicated site for it. DEEP INTO OUR WORLD Things we're working on PowerPools Boid does DeFi! Hold tokens and earn rewards based on your contribution and the time commitment. PowerPools is great for users that may not have hardware dedicated to mining but still want to be part of the Boid ecosystem. Avatar Boid Avatars, as part of the Boid NFT project, represent a unique and engaging way to interact with the Boid ecosystem, allowing users to design and create distinctive avatars that serve as gateways to the expansive Boid Universe, thereby unlocking a variety of experiences and opportunities. Boidapp The Boid Core App is a radical new take on the Play-to-Earn model, incentivizing players to contribute their spare computing power to help solve some of the world's greatest diseases, including cancer, and rewarding them significantly for their in-game time. Boid Frontier Join us today! As we bid farewell to 2022, we've also turned the page on our legacy Boid account system, opening up exciting new horizons on the testnet where we welcome everyone's contributions. Get ready to experience the next chapter of Boid in 2023, when we launch on the Telos Mainnet! We've dubbed this beta phase as "Boid Frontier" - an adventurous trek featuring rewards for active contributors and bounties for those who spot useful features or bugs. Join us on this journey, as the essence of Boid Frontier lies in testing and rapidly refining the new Boid system based on invaluable community feedback. GRAB YOUR STAR PLOT 