 Home Store Series BOOK Community Stories Leaderboard Gallery Photo Booth Wallet Connect Explore the world of boki We invite you to explore our World with us - dreams, adventure, and escapism await! Explore Collection ABOUT OUR BRAND Boki is a community-focused project centered around collaboration and connection. Each Boki grants you access to Boki's holder-only Discord channels, digital and IRL events, exclusive merch, Boki Web 3 experiences and more. OUR VISION Our vision is to scale Boki into becoming a globally recognized brand, existing as a World outside of borders and nations with free-flowing communication and a spirit of adventure. Over time, the Boki brand will evolve and adapt as we explore new mediums, partnerships, and ways to grow our community. Year in review THE COLLECTION Boki is a collection of 7,777 unique non-fungible tokens (NFTs) that reside on the Ethereum blockchain. Our team has designed a diverse and inclusive selection of traits, including hair styles, outfits, accessories, and more to best represent both our world and our wonderful community. Each Boki is hand-crafted during a thorough generative process, creating unique characters inclusive for everyone. View Collection Opensea THE COMMUNITY See more BOKI SERIES &amp; LORE Boki Series is a narrative as told by episodic Twitter threads with accompanying art, animations, and music from our art team. The series tells the evolving story of Boki's Adventure, our core characters, and Boki World, and over time will canonize community Boki's from fan art, fan lore and writing, and more. By telling a curated story while incorporating the community's creative works, the Boki series sets a new benchmark for Web3 storytelling. We have created a cast of core characters with interconnecting storylines to build out the World of Boki. The opportunities to play with these characters are endless. Boki Series CHARACTERS BOOK THE COLLECTOR EXPERIENCE Leaderboard Collector Badges Boki ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Collector Badges Boki ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Join the collectors Collect badges and custom banners to customise your profile and earn points. Connect your wallet and begin the Boki collector profile experience now. Connect THE TEAM Otter Founder Orangejelly Artist Fel Community Manager The Seoulful Artist Bunk Artist/Animator Motion Artist/Animator Bubblecat Story Teller Bennie Business Development Mattsauce Business Development Lironie Developer Pangea Developer Alec Developer Boki World Our Sites Boki Store Boki Market Place Opensea My Account Profile Questing Lore Boki Series Characters Book Community Leaderboard Community Collectors Boki Gallery Terms &amp; Conditions 