 Audited by : xyz GALAXY Mint Emoki Open DEX Learn to Install Metamask Home Galaxy Elements Partner with us Mobile Games Planets Tokenomics &amp; Whitepapers Passports The Galaxy Of Boojabaunga In our Galaxy players will develop their characters by playing games, solving quests, collecting resources to level up, and being able to build within the Galaxy. We are aiming to disrupt the existing game industry by what we call our Hybrid Model. This allows players to choose to store their assets either on-chain or off-chain. We believe this is the way to unlock a much larger player base Bridging the gap between Traditional Gaming and Gamefi. Enter to the Galaxy Play for free and win toxiccandybarium MARKETPLACE // Visit For More Build and fly your own ship to win Toxiccandybarium Fly your ship and win!! // Passport Photos // retiring soon limited edition passport photos Grab em before they disappear Visit For More Power to the People Oppurtunities galore. Buy a mine, Buy land, Start a Mini mart, A paper route, sell elements or goofballs there are so many opportunities in the galaxy to be your own boss and make some money.&nbsp; Games GAMES that's what we are all about! Fighters, FPS, RPG's sports and so many others. Bee Pads Steve Job's aint got nothin on these. Communicate, play games, store assets, dabas and arcade tokens, maps and so many more. Bee pads are your one stop communications/ asset management tool. Mystery Boxes What's inside? Dabas, Elements, free arcade tokens, coupons for free swag and surprises TBD. GoofBalls These little balls will become your friend or foe when playing games in our Galaxy. They can be used in moments of need. When you can use some help to achieve your goal or establish that high score in all games &nbsp; Bounty Players sign up to be a bounty player and win 25% of bounty coins placed in a game. Buy bounty coins and pledge in game, Win 10 x dabas for taking outa bounty player for every bounty coin pledged. Buy Bounty Coins Tokens // TOKENS "GOTTA HAVE EM" <a href="#" Click Here DABA TOKEN DABA Dabas are used to reward players and are only being minted by playing games or fulfilling quests. Dabas will function as the main utility token in the Galaxy. Players will be able to choose to keep their Dabas on their Beepads or claim and store them on the blockchain. At first, this will be possible on $ftm, followed by $avax, $bsc and many others. BOOJABAUNGA ARCADE TOKEN BAT The Boojabaunga Arcade token (BAT) is your ticket to the galaxy. Use it to play games, buy land, upgrade interiors, buy spaceships and so much more, Trade BAT for YAT, WAT and other partners Arcade tokens on special planets in the galaxy Roadmap // 2022 Phase 1 Emoki NFT Token Mint Launch of the Boojabaunga Galaxy v1.0 Launch Game Token $Daba Launch Arcade Token Sale $BAT Launch of DEX v1.0 Launch Website v1.0 Launch Mini Games Launch of Game Spank vs Choke Launch of Game Chompers Phase 2 Update Galaxy (new areas) Start Liquidity Pool on $ftm Launch Marketplace Citizenship Cards Launch Mystery Boxes Launch Land Plots Launch Boojabaunga Structures 1 + 2 Launch Robots Start Earning Passive Income Launch of Game 3 Launch of Game 4 Launch of Game 5 Boojabaunga Action News Team Marketing Socials Phase 3 Update Galaxy (new areas) Launch Staking In-Game Assets Launch Boojabaunga Structures 3 + 4 Launch Boojabaunga Pets Launch of Game 6 Launch of Game 7 Launch of Game 8 Marketing Campaign Phase 4 Cross Chain Extensions Update Galaxy / New Planets Launch of Game 9 Launch of Game 10 Extend Marketing Team Website V2 Phase 5 App for IS Launch of Game 11 Launch of Game 12 Extend Team New Partners Team Who we are // Wes Smith Chief Creative Officer Blocky Frogs Sr. UI/UX Designer pureNFTgems Chief Strategy Officer Matheus França Sr. Game Developer Seifeddine Haddar Sr. Game Developer Bety Blue Sr. Artist Shahriar Islam Galaxy Architect Blackburn Chief Liason Officer Our trusted partners Planet game jam Send Us your Game and Become Part of the Galaxy Rules and Restrictions Apply Coming Soon Find us on Social Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2022. All Rights Reserved by Boojabaunga Connect Wallet Please select a wallet to connect to this marketplace MetaMask Coinbase Trust Wallet WalletConnect By connecting your wallet, you agree to our Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy 