 Please make sure you are on our official website https://www.boomersquad.io/ to avoid phishing scams. If you see any suspicious activity, please contact us. × Connect Wallet Swap Playground S2 Chow Time 2 Raffles My Zoomers Shop News About Us My Boomers Boom Rooms Comics Mini games Launchpad Merch The Playground S1 RECENTLY ADDED Swap Swap between CRO and SCRATCH using our AMM contract Playground S2 Have the last PGT standing to win! Chow Time 2 Complete meals for hungry Boomers for CRO rewards! Raffles Buy Raffle tickets! My Zoomers View your collection, change variants, and more. Shop Buy with crypto. EXPLORE News Latest News About Us Past, Present, and Future of Boomer Squad My Boomers View your Boomer gen 0 NFTs and withdraw from mattress fund Boom Rooms Construct, Decorate, and Stake your rooms Comics Read about the story behind Boomers and Zoomers Mini games Play Bingo and more Launchpad Mint the latest NFTs released on our launchpad Merch Buy Boomer Squad Merch The Playground S1 Have the last PGT standing to win! OVER 4 MILLION CRO GIVEN BACK THROUGH MATTRESS FUND, AIRDROPS, AND FREE MINTS OVER 100K TRANSACTIONS ACROSS OVER 40 SMART CONTRACTS OVER 5 MILLION CRO IN SECONDARY SALES ACROSS ALL COLLECTIONS BUY NFTS BUY&nbsp; $SCRATCH MMF CANDY CITY Boomer Docs Launchpad Application Form Questions or concerns, please email boomersquadnft@gmail.com or open a support ticket in our discord to speak directly with the team. Boomer Squad LLC 1552 South Route 59 #1213 Naperville, IL 60564 +1 (331)-758-4630 © Boomer Squad LLC 2022. All rights reserved. Content and information provided by Boomer Squad LLC and its members does not, and is not intended to constitute legal or financial advice. You are responsible for doing your own research and investing at your own risk. Boomer Squad LLC is not responsible for the content provided by any third parties that link to its content. This statement and the Boomer Squad LLC website do not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation of any NFT, digital collectible, cryptocurrency, security, or any other product or service by Boomer Squad, or any other third party regardless of whether such NFT, digital collectible, cryptocurrency, security, product or service is referenced in this video or on the Boomer Squad website and documentation. Furthermore, this statement is not intended to provide tax, legal, or investment advice, and nothing in any published content, videos, posts or Boomer Squad website should be construed as a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any NFT, digital collectible, cryptocurrency, investment or security, nor to engage in any collection strategy, investment strategy or transaction. Boomer Squad does not represent that the NFTs, digital collectibles, cryptocurrencies, securities, products are suitable for any particular collector or investor. You are solely responsible for determining whether any NFT, investment, investment strategy, security or related transaction is appropriate for you based on your personal NFT collection or investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance. You should consult your business advisor, attorney, or tax and accounting advisor regarding your specific business, legal or tax situation.© Boomer Squad LLC 2022. All rights reserved. Content and information provided by Boomer Squad LLC and its members does not, and is not intended to constitute legal or financial advice. You are responsible for doing your own research and investing at your own risk. Boomer Squad LLC is not responsible for the content provided by any third parties that link to its content. 