 Standard Collection Mutant Collection Menu Mint Marketplace My Apes twitter telegram Mint Marketplace My Apes View Mutant Ape Collection Welcome Primates! &nbsp; You are 1 of 10,000 Bored Ape NFTs that found a home on the Tron blockchain. You are definitely smarter than a monkey. A Tron Ape knows a better blockchain when they see it. As a member of the Bored Ape Tron Club , you’ll get special member privileges. We have some exciting things that include perks to other platforms, airdrops, and staking features to be disclosed soon. Everyone can get an Ape. Well, as long as you are within the first 10,000. All Apes will cost the same amount. Buying a Bored Ape costs 1,500 TRX. Proceeds from this sale will go to establishing benefits for each Ape. This can take the form of partnership deals, airdrops on sister projects, and much more. A little secret: We are already working on a partnership with an up-and-coming platform. The Bored Ape Tron Club is an homage to Bored Ape Yacht Club and not affiliated with Yuga Labs LLC. Note: 30 random Apes will be withheld from the sale. These will be used for giveaways, promos, and partnerships. Bored Ape Tron Club Minting Event The Apes have come to Tron. Here is your chance to get the funky primates before they start pounding their chests. This is a limited NFT collection whose rarity can be verified on the blockchain. As an Ape NFT holder, you’ll have special access to future features, airdrops, and more as we set up partnerships with other applications. Roadmap The Numbers Each Bored Ape is inspired by its Ethereum counterpart. They all have unique traits that are made up of different characteristics such as clothing, ear size, and expressions. Keep an eye out for Tron exclusives. VERIFIED SMART CONTRACT ADDRESS: TKzZo7c3i8AE2FE9NJcPhHVFb5Jy6e6zkR Ape Types Rarities Bored Apes Availability: 9,955x Justin Suns Availability: 20x Tron Bulls Availability: 15x Tron Friends Availability: 9x &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 1 7 1 7 Bored Apes Bored Ape Tron Club Collection We are the Apes from all swings of life. Some of us are ballers while others are punk rockers. Some of us eat bananas while others eat tofu. Let’s face it, some of us are straight up weird. But we have one thing in common. We are invading the Tron Blockchain and showing our counterparts how it is done! Number of Designs in Collection 9,955 Release Price per Design 1,500 TRX Rarity Rare Justin Suns Bored Ape Tron Club Collection I am a marketing beast. You love me, you hate me, you’ll end up loving me. I am a master at token creation. I rub elbows with the big wigs and I love cool NFTs. You know you want me! Number of Designs in Collection 20 Release Price per Design 1,500 TRX Rarity Very Rare &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 1 5 1 5 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 1 10 1 10 Tron Bulls Bored Ape Tron Club Collection Tron is a powerhouse. Tron Bull is the mascot that brings the bullishness to Tron. He is ready to rip through the cryptosphere. Tron Bull takes the form of a badass Ape who has one mission. He puts on his gear, pounds his chest, and is ready to take the Tron community to the moon. Number of Designs in Collection 15 Release Price per Design 1,500 TRX Rarity Super Rare Tron Friends Bored Ape Tron Club Collection These are the guys/gals that have been an integral part of the Tron story. From before the Tron mainnet, to the niTron Conference, and up until now, these peeps have shaped Tron into one of the best blockchains in the world. Now, they lead the Ape army! Number of Designs in Collection 9 Release Price per Design 1,500 TRX Rarity Ultra Rare &nbsp; FAQ What is an NFT? NFTs stand for Non-fungible tokens. An NFT is data that is stored or accounted for on the blockchain that represents something specific. The NFT can represent a piece of artwork, a video clip, or any other type of digital file.&nbsp; How much are NFTs worth? As with any free market, the value of an NFT relies on what people are willing to pay for it. In the case of Beeple’s artwork, someone was willing to pay $69+ million to own that specific NFT. Some NFTs take the form of artwork while others may have future benefits attached to them. Example: Owners of a celebrity NFT may get special privileges with that celeb. Can you transfer NFTs? Yes, NFTs can be transferred to any wallet that supports the underlying blockchain. They can also be sold on marketplaces that support the TRC-721 standard.&nbsp; What is minting? Minting is the computer process of validating information, creating a new block, and recording that information into the blockchain.&nbsp; How do I mint a Bored Ape? You get your finger ready for the start of minting that will be disclosed on the website and on Twitter. Have your browser logged in to TronLink and make sure you have the necessary funds. Note: Make sure you have enough to cover the energy fees. Once minting commences, you’ll be able to buy from the Bored Ape Tron Club homepage.&nbsp; How much does minting a Bored Ape cost? 1,500 TRX What is the smart contract address of Bored Ape Tron Club? TKzZo7c3i8AE2FE9NJcPhHVFb5Jy6e6zkR Is there a buying limit? There is no buying limit. Where do I store my NFT? On any Tron compatible wallet. Ideally, it should support TRC-721. What are the different NFT Ape categories? Bored Apes Justin Sun Tron Bulls Tron Friends Is there a community group I can join? You can follow @boredapetron on Twitter. More social media platforms to come. Roadmap 1 Sold Out Giveaway $20,000 GiveAway. Your odds of winning are based on the number of NFTs you have purchased. A randomizer will select the winner based on these odds. 2 Marketplace The Bored Ape Tron Club will have its own marketplace where owners can list their NFTs for sale once the sale is over. The marketplace will also feature some exclusive features. 3 Merchandise Line Get ready to sport your Apes. 4 NFT Platform integration Integrate with NFT platforms that support TRC-721 protocol. 5 NFT/Gaming platform integration Establish partnerships with NFT and Gaming platforms to give these NFTs some versatility. The NFT world is just getting started. 6 Bored Ape Bot Support A Bored Ape Bot will be deployed on Twitter and Telegram that keeps track of all the Ape activity happening in the Marketplace. 7 Ape PowerUp Owners will have the chance to obtain parallel universe varieties of their NFT. This includes holograms, cosmic backgrounds, and hyper prisms to name a few. 8 NFT Fund Establish an NFT Fund to create the next exciting NFT project or integration. 9 Community Portal The future of this project will be determined by our Apes. If the Apes want it, they will get it. Start pounding your chest, because the Apes are in full force. 