 Explorer Community Blog Getting Started Press Changing the way we collaborate. The Bounties Network empowers humans to incentivize and self-organize, from freelancing to grassroots social action, and anything in between. Whether it's for research, content translation, or video production, The Bounties Network lets you create projects, collaborate, and get paid for doing great work in any domain. Explore Bounties Join our Slack The Building Blocks of Decentralized P2P Economies We're creating the components to power a new generation of human incentivization, stretching across borders and not limited by access to legacy financial institutions. Whether it's our work developing interoperable smart contracts for bounties on Ethereum or a decentralized staking and arbitration solution , we're laser focused on solving the core problems individuals face when collaborating and transacting with each other across the globe. The Bounties Explorer Our Explorer gives you access to a global market of projects and talent. Easily create and fulfill tasks, and transact in any token on Ethereum with automated payments. Explore Bounties Explore Bounties Delphi Arbitration Nurturing onchain trust by allowing users to deposit stakes and open claims in case trusted transactions don't go as planned. Our Token Curated Registry of arbiters lets anyone in the world apply to evaluate and rule on these claims to ensure impartial and fair outcomes. Read More Read More Bounties API &amp; Components We want to make it as easy as possible for you to launch new marketplaces and build the next gig economy. Build your very own bounty network by using our open source smart contracts, Bounties API, and React UI components. Get Started Get Started Benefits of the bounties network A Commitment to Fairness We care deeply about both bounty issuers and fulfillers, and strive to balance power inequalities that sometimes arise on existing freelance marketplaces. A Global Pool of Talent Members of our community are located on all 6 major continents, come from all backgrounds and speak a multitude of languages. Token Agnostic We let you issue bounties in whichever token you please, as long as its on Ethereum. This lets teams align the interests of their freelancers with those of the organization. Partnerships We work hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with orgnizations across the globe, whose values and goals align with ours. ‹ › COMPANY About Blog Community Careers PRODUCTS Bounties Explorer Delphi arbitration Bounties API CONTACT US contact@bounties.network 