 Brewlabs logo Open menu Products Factory About Shop Launch App What's new Chart Beta release BREWLABS 0x6aac56305825f712fd44599e59f2ede51d42c3e7 Telegram Youtube Twitter Everything you need All-in-one platform Brewlabs offers a range of decentralised on chain products and services accessible for all web3 user types. Brewlabs aims to optimise the user experience by providing all commonly used products within one platform. As a user you can find all the tools needed to support your decision making and revenue streams on chain within the Brewlabs platform. Teams can also utilise Brewlabs platform as a source of web3 and deployable smart contract products. Swap tokens Swap tokens in real time with ease across multiple networks at the best prices on the BrewSwap. Track performance Manage your live portfolio with the Brewlabs dashboard personalised for your wallet. Construct liquidity Manage your liquidity across various decentralised exchanges. Index Purchase a basket of tokens to speculate performance and mitigate investment risk. Cross-chain bridging Move your tokens cross-chain between networks with the Brewlabs bridge. Zap Find the best performing yield farms and participate with a single click. Yield farming Discover yield farming opportunities through Brewlabs and partners. NFTs Explore the TrueNFT marketplace for your favourite NFT’s, stake, mint and transfer NFTS plus more. Services we offer Helping make blockchain better Brewlabs Factory offers individuals the opportunity to bring their cryptocurrency ideas to life through smart contract engineering, auditing, development and launch. Services Auditing Brewlabs offers extensive smart contract auditing for upcoming and existing smart contracts. Contact us → Smart Contracts Our contract smart contract engineers are leaders in code, development, deployment and excel in an assortment of smart contract logic requirements. Contact us → Token Bridging Brewlabs can offer communities, new or established, with a means to take their token currency cross chain. Contact us → dAPP Development Brewlabs offers development services for clients looking for new and existing dAPP concepts. Contact us → Website Design Brewlabs offer end to end website design and development solution for your web3 project or business. Contact us → Consulting Brewlabs offers consulting to guide you through your journey. From conception to launch and beyond. Contact us → Tokenomics Find out how our token works Brewlabs tokenomics ensure holders are rewarded and the future of the project is funded. Tokenomics 2% Reflections Earn passive income in BUSD/USDC around the clock as a result of BREWLABS trading volume. 4% Buy back Buy back mechanism to help improve price action when required. 1% Development Contributions to continue to fund the development of the Brewlabs ecosystem. 1% Liquidity Pool Ongoing liquidity pool contribution to build a robust foundation for the Brewlabs trading market. Frequently asked questions Is the Brewlabs token contract renounced? Why do the top wallets take up a significant portion of total supply? What are the team wallets and what do they represent? When are the BUSD reflections (dividends) paid to Brewlabs holders? How come the gas I pay fluctuates? WalletNow Friend of Brewlabs WalletNow is an advanced crypto portfolio monitoring solution that allows Brewlabs holders to monitor their holdings, which includes their historical reflections and staking pool rewards. Set up WalletNow today As always do your own research and make decisions based on what's right for you. Vulkania Friend of Brewlabs Vulkania allows Brewlabs holders to view a fully functional blockchain dashboard that shows detailed information about the Brewlabs project, which includes token metrics, price updates, financial charts, a summary of top holders and also links to key project information, such as the whitepaper. View the Brewlabs dashboard + As always do your own research and make decisions based on what's right for you. walletNow Vulkania Earn Hold Brewlabs and earn passive income through a number of channels within the Brewlabs ecosystem. Staking Stake your Brewlabs tokens for rewards, compound and collect trading reflections along the way. Reflections Hold and benefit from BUSD rewards daily, hold more Brewlabs to increase your rewards. Farming Yield farm with Brewlabs in multiple cross-chain pools. Take advantage of our multi-chain Zapper tool to find your ideal farming contract Utility Revenue Earning Find value in daily buy backs from the Brewlabs treasury contract, distributing profits to holders from fees generated across the protocol. NFT Staking Stake various NFTs from Brewlabs and partnered projects to earn passive income. Bond Market Upcoming Brewlabs "bond token" decentralised exchange, pools and opportunities. A powerful, new and innovative concept arriving for Brewlabs holders. Footer Brewlabs is a Binance Smart Chain utility project responsible for a number of community tools and platforms within the cryptocurrency space. Telegram Youtube Twitter Services Audits Engineering Token Bridging Web builds Bots About Whitepaper Roadmap Media kit Team Tools Chart Beta Airdrop Tool Constructor Bridge Swap Freezer Earn Staking Farms Zapper Indexes © 2022 Brewlabs, Inc. All rights reserved. 