 Choose wallet extension Metamask Extension Onto Extension Wallet Connect earn YOUR STAKES Referrals bring.Bridge Buy BRNG Connect Wallet Let your crypto work for you Stake tokens and earn rewards faster than ever Connect Wallet Audited Smart Contract Your information and address are safe on our anonymous, decentralized platform. Our smart contract is audited by third parties for a safe, seamless user experience. Download audit More information Create staking pools on bRing and grow with us bRing’s DeFi features let users stake and earn fast with our 90 day pools: get in, get out, get rewards TVL 3.80M Users 6.30K Partners 30 Blockchains 4 How it Works Buy tokens, choose a pool to stake in, claim your rewards, and unstake in 90 days. 1 Buy Token Purchase tokens of participating projects 2 Stake in Pool Pick the best pool for you and stake your tokens 3 Claim Rewards Claim your rewards before unstaking bRing Features Find out why so many users are choosing bRing over other platforms Single Staking Stake only the token you need to. Multi-Token Staking Stake multiple tokens simultaneously and earn rewards on all of them. High APR Earn high returns from each and every stake. 3 Level Referral System Invite friends and earn up to 3% from their stakes. No Fees Make the most of our DeFi services with no extra fees charged to you. Audited Smart Contracts All smart contracts are audited by third parties for a safe, seamless staking process. No Lock-In Stake and collect your reward whenever you want. User-Friendly Interface Connect your wallet, buy tokens, and stake on our easy-to-use platform. Partners bRing is always open for new ambitious projects Roadmap We make bRing grow by accomplishing the goals we set. Take a closer look at our plans for this year Roadmap 2021 Roadmap 2022 q1 Smart Contract Audit bRing 2.0 Launches on Harmony, Polygon, Avalanche Launch of First Single-Stake Pool Launch of 10 Pools on Different Blockchains q2 Optimism, Arbitrum, Fantom Connection Launch of 20 Pools on Different Blockchains Ambassador Program Launch to Celebrate Project’s Anniversary $BRNG Bridge TVL — $10,000,000 Active Users — 10,000 q3 Connection to 3 New Blockchains Launch of 30 Pools on Different Blockchains Wallet Listings of BRNG Token Active Users — 15,000 q4 Streamlined Token Buying and Liquidity Adding Functionality Launch of 30 Pools on Different Blockchains TVL — $25,000,000 Active Users — 20,000 A Multi-Chain DeFi Platform We strive to be closer for you, so bRing is available on different blockchains Become a Partner We love partnering up with ambitious projects. If you would like to participate in our pools and partner up with us, tell us more about your project! Add project FAQ About bRing bRing is a decentralized cross-chain platform with DeFi features like single staking, liquidity staking, and yield farming. Bring's mechanics You choose which kind of pools you want to stake in. You can stake from the time the smart contract is deployed until the moment it closes 90 days later. All pools last 90 days. You can get rewarded for your stake at any time if you haven't already unstaked your tokens. If you claim your reward or unstake your tokens before the pool is closed, a penalty will be applied to the amount of the reward. Penalty percentages are determined for each pool individually and reduced closer to the end of a pool. Will I receive my rewards automatically upon the end of the staking period? No, you need to claim your rewards and unstake manually. What are the fees for using bRing platform? bRing charges no additional fees. However, you still have to pay the network transaction fees. Does bRing have a referral program? Yes. Our referral program has three levels: 1st, 2nd, and 3rd level referrals. You receive rewards from your referral’s staking reward. The reward size depends on their level and the size of their staking reward. The 1st person you invite is your 1st level referral. You receive a 3% reward. When your 1st level referral invites someone else, they now receive a 3% reward, while you receive a 2% reward, since this 2nd person is now your 2nd level referral. When your 2nd level referral invites someone else, they receive a 3% reward, your 1st level referral receives a 2% reward, and you receive a 1% reward, since this person is your 3rd level referral. WILL THE USER I INVITED WITH THE REFERRAL LINK GET A REWARD? Yes. The user you invited with the referral link will receive a +4% reward. WHERE CAN I FIND MY REFERRAL LINK? The link will be availableon the Referral page after creating your first stake. HOW ARE STAKING REWARDS DISTRIBUTED? Each pool has a set number of tokens, which are shared in reward form between all pool participants at that time. The size of each participant’s reward is directly proportional to the size and length of their stake, and inversely proportional to the total amount of staked tokens in the pool. WHAT HAPPENS IF I UNSTAKE BEFORE THE POOL CLOSES? In order to motivate our users to stake for the full period, there is a penalty system for unstaking early. Penalty fees vary from pool to pool. Each pool’s penalty fees are determined among participating projects. earn YOUR STAKES Referrals lightpaper follow us Copyright © 2021. All rights reserved. Term of use Privacy policy 