 Learn Explore Explore Payments Payments logo Payments Online Payments Checkout logo Checkout&nbsp; Pre-built payments page Elements Customizable payments UIs Payment Links No-code payments Connect logo Connect Payments for platforms Invoicing Online invoices Billing logo Billing Subscription management Terminal logo Terminal In-person payments FINANCIAL SERVICES Corporate Card logo Corporate Card Spend management Capital logo Capital Business financing Issuing logo Issuing Card creation Treasury logo Treasury&nbsp; Banking-as-a-service BUSINESS OPERATIONS Radar logo Radar&nbsp; Fraud &amp; risk management Data Pipeline Data warehouse sync Sigma logo Sigma &nbsp;Custom reports Atlas logo Atlas Startup incorporation Climate logo Climate Carbon removal Tax logo Tax Sales tax &amp; VAT automation Identity Online identity verification Revenue Recognition logo Revenue Recognition Accounting automation Financial Connections Linked financial account data Use Cases Ecommerce SaaS Marketplaces&nbsp; Embedded Finance&nbsp; Platforms&nbsp; Creator Economy&nbsp; Crypto&nbsp;&nbsp; Global business&nbsp; INTEGRATIONS &amp; PARTNER SOLUTIONS App Marketplace &nbsp; Partner Ecosystem &nbsp; Use Cases Ecommerce SaaS Marketplaces&nbsp; Embedded Finance&nbsp; Platforms&nbsp; Creator Economy&nbsp; Crypto&nbsp;&nbsp; Global business&nbsp; INTEGRATIONS &amp; PARTNER SOLUTIONS App Marketplace &nbsp; App Marketplace &nbsp; App Marketplace &nbsp; Partner Ecosystem &nbsp; Partner Ecosystem &nbsp; Ecommerce SaaS Marketplaces&nbsp; Embedded Finance&nbsp; Platforms&nbsp; Creator Economy&nbsp; Crypto&nbsp;&nbsp; Global business&nbsp; Play Now = Mobile Menu Placeholder Welcome to Bullieverse A New Epoch in Web3 Gaming Bullieverse is your gateway to a limitless universe of Games, Art, and Social Experiences, where NFTs come alive Buy on Opensea Play Now Bulliverse is a Web3 native entertainment brand creating Games, Art, and first of its kind digitial social experiences Gaming Dive into Bullieverse's Web3 gaming universe powered by Unreal Engine 5. Enjoy cross-genre play, undertake quests, unlock rare NFTs, and immerse in an unrivaled digital journey. Art and Lore Dive into Bullieverse's vibrant realm. Experience rich storytelling, mesmerizing art, and vivid characters like COBI and BarBearians. Discover, explore, and be part of thrilling adventures. Community and Culture Become part of Bullieverse, a global community united by a shared passion for Web3 and our mission. Connect with adventurers, artists, collectors, and enthusiasts worldwide. Digital Experiences Explore Bullieverse's new social dimension at the Beach Shack. Immerse in real-time virtual gatherings, parties, and events. Engage and interact with other users in custom-designed digital spaces. Read Whitepaper Join Us Become a Bulliever COBI, &nbsp;10,000 OG Bull Collection The Citizens of Bulliever Island Embrace the COBI Bulls, unique NFTs on the Ethereum chain. Unlock exclusive privileges, become an esteemed citizen of Bulliever Island, and forge your future in our vast Web3 universe. Ethereum Buy COBI Bulls The Bears of the Bearen Land Barbearians are unique NFTs on the Polygon Blockchain. Unlock exclusive privileges, 3D playable avatars in-game and more perks. Minting soon Polygon Buy Bears Barbearians, &nbsp;10,000 Bear Collection The Bears of the Bearen land Barbearians are unique NFTs on the Polygon. Unlock exclusive privileges, 3D playable avatars in-game and more perks. Minting soon Polygon Buy Bears Bring your NFT to life by becoming your digital identity across our Games, Metaverse and Beyond. Rigged 3D Models of both Bull and Bears are available across all Bullieverse games and experiences. View in your space Each of the 10,000 Bull and Bear NFTs has a fully unique 3D character embodying its respective NFT from a pool of over 300 traits. View in your space Welcome to the Beach Shack Socialize Interact Immerse yourself in a dynamic and interactive social environment, where you can create memories, build relationships, and engage in unforgettable experiences that push the boundaries of traditional social interaction. Beach Shack Play and Earn in our Gaming Multiverse Interact and have fun with the community through our social experiences starting with Beach Shack NECRODEMIC BEARHUNT BULL RUN NECRODEMIC BEARHUNT BULL RUN NECRODEMIC BEARHUNT BULL RUN NECRODEMIC BEARHUNT BULL RUN Exclusive Leaderboard Competitions Rise to the challenge, showcase your skills, and win exclusive prizes. Your gaming glory starts here! Check Competitions Get Rewarded SoulBound Tokens for your Loyalty Trade on our very own, Gaming Focused &nbsp;Marketplace Buy, sell and trade weapons, wearables, skins and more game assets all in our native $BULL token with less fees than 3rd party marketplaces. Start Trading Immerse yourself in our world through our art and story telling Everything Powered by Bull Tokens The entire ecosystem and Bullieverse economy is powered by $BULL with a variety of utilities and governance empowerment to the community and players. Buy Bull Tokens Stake Bull Tokens One of the Strongest Communities in Web3 NFT NYC 22' At NFT NYC, 'Bearhunt' made us the talk of the town. Visitors reveled in bullieverse's innovation and left with exclusive merch and goodies. NYC Times Square Our 3D illusion billboard in Times Square, NYC, mesmerized passersby, showcasing the cool, unique flair of bullieverse's NFTs. A visual spectacle that captured the city's imagination! Bangalore Socials At Bangalore Socials, our co-founder unveiled the vision for bullieverse, engaging with founders and enthusiasts. 115.5K + Followers Dream Hack Hyderbad At DreamHack Hyderabad, we ignited the gaming scene with 'Necrodemic' competitions. A thrilling battleground of skill and strategy, where victors walked away with exciting prizes. A celebration of gaming by bullieverse! NFT&nbsp;London The bullieverse team at NFT London, where 'Necrodemic' competitions came alive. 50,000 + Members Styled in Bullieverse A proud display of bullieverse's unique merch, embodying the spirit and creativity of our gaming community. NFT NYC 22' At NFT NYC, 'Bearhunt' made us the talk of the town. Visitors reveled in bullieverse's innovation and left with exclusive merch and goodies. NYC Times Square Our 3D illusion billboard in Times Square, NYC, mesmerized passersby, showcasing the cool, unique flair of bullieverse's NFTs. A visual spectacle that captured the city's imagination! Bangalore Socials At Bangalore Socials, our co-founder unveiled the vision for bullieverse, engaging with founders and enthusiasts. 115.5K + Followers Dream Hack Hyderbad At DreamHack Hyderabad, we ignited the gaming scene with 'Necrodemic' competitions. A thrilling battleground of skill and strategy, where victors walked away with exciting prizes. A celebration of gaming by bullieverse! NFT&nbsp;London The bullieverse team at NFT London, where 'Necrodemic' competitions came alive. 50,000 + Members Styled in Bullieverse A proud display of bullieverse's unique merch, embodying the spirit and creativity of our gaming community. NFT NYC 22' At NFT NYC, 'Bearhunt' made us the talk of the town. Visitors reveled in bullieverse's innovation and left with exclusive merch and goodies. NYC Times Square Our 3D illusion billboard in Times Square, NYC, mesmerized passersby, showcasing the cool, unique flair of bullieverse's NFTs. A visual spectacle that captured the city's imagination! Bangalore Socials At Bangalore Socials, our co-founder unveiled the vision for bullieverse, engaging with founders and enthusiasts. 115.5K + Followers Dream Hack Hyderbad At DreamHack Hyderabad, we ignited the gaming scene with 'Necrodemic' competitions. A thrilling battleground of skill and strategy, where victors walked away with exciting prizes. A celebration of gaming by bullieverse! NFT&nbsp;London The bullieverse team at NFT London, where 'Necrodemic' competitions came alive. 50,000 + Members Styled in Bullieverse A proud display of bullieverse's unique merch, embodying the spirit and creativity of our gaming community. NFT NYC 22' At NFT NYC, 'Bearhunt' made us the talk of the town. Visitors reveled in bullieverse's innovation and left with exclusive merch and goodies. NYC Times Square Our 3D illusion billboard in Times Square, NYC, mesmerized passersby, showcasing the cool, unique flair of bullieverse's NFTs. A visual spectacle that captured the city's imagination! Bangalore Socials At Bangalore Socials, our co-founder unveiled the vision for bullieverse, engaging with founders and enthusiasts. 115.5K + Followers Dream Hack Hyderbad At DreamHack Hyderabad, we ignited the gaming scene with 'Necrodemic' competitions. A thrilling battleground of skill and strategy, where victors walked away with exciting prizes. A celebration of gaming by bullieverse! NFT&nbsp;London The bullieverse team at NFT London, where 'Necrodemic' competitions came alive. 50,000 + Members Styled in Bullieverse A proud display of bullieverse's unique merch, embodying the spirit and creativity of our gaming community. Excited for the future? Come Join Us Join our discord to learn more, if you don't know where to get started Twitter Discord Telegram Instagram Medium Youtube Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright © 2023 Bullieverse Inc. All rights reserved 