 Grow with AppMaster. Become our partner Grow with AppMaster. Become our partner Product Mobile Apps Builder Drag and drop for perfect mobile app Integrations Integrate all of your favorite tools Web Apps Designer Build admin panel or customer portal Data Models Designer Data models with any fields type Business Process Editor Visually create business processes Industries Choose your industry solution No-Code Why choose a no-code platform Pricing Resources Blog New about the no-code development AppMaster University Jump right into AppMaster Success Stories Read our customers stories Documentation Build on our platform Community Find the resolve for your issues AppMaster 101 Crash Course Not sure where to start? Get going with our crush course for beginners and create your first project. Start course Company Career We are hiring! Join us! Partner Program Get all benefits of AppMaster.io Hire a professional Build with a no-code professional Contact us Let’s get in touch Professional Services Build your application with us Follow us: Community Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram English Français Español Deutsch Русский 日本語 한국어 简体中文 Português हिन्दी বাংলা العربية Bahasa Indonesia Türkçe Italiano Polski Tiếng Việt Nederlands ภาษาไทย Contact us Try Free Start Free Product Mobile Apps Builder Integrations Web Apps Designer Data Models Designer Business Process Editor Industries No-Code Pricing Resources Blog AppMaster University Success Stories Documentation Community Company Career Partner Program Hire a professional Contact us Professional Services English English Français Español Deutsch Русский 日本語 한국어 简体中文 Português हिन्दी বাংলা العربية Bahasa Indonesia Türkçe Italiano Polski Tiếng Việt Nederlands ภาษาไทย Book a Demo Home Blog Full Guide on No-Code/Low-Code App Development For 2023 Full Guide on No-Code/Low-Code App Development For 2023 Jun 23, 2022 10 min Сontents 1. Is Low-Code No-Code the Future of Software Development? 2. Why Adopt No-Code/Low-Code Development? Cloud Technology Has Made Everything Accessible Meeting the Rising Demand for Company Apps Reduced IT Dependency Brings Agility Cutting Down Costs 3. What are Low-code and No-code a Guide for Development Platforms? 4. Will No-Code Replace Developers? 5. Can I Create an App Without Knowing Coding? 6. Performance Analysis of AppMaster vs Mendix, Out Systems, BettyBloks, Bubble and FlutterFlow 7. Difference between No-Code and Low-Code 8. Final Thoughts Quick development solutions have become a vital part of developing enterprise-grade applications in recent years. Businesses are looking for rapid application development for digital transformation. These software&nbsp;development approach have replaced traditional development to create apps for business process management and promote the idea of "Citizen Developers." Moreover, these development tools offer visual interfaces to optimize programming. App development&nbsp;with these tools allows business owners to automate business operations through visual development.&nbsp; Development with no-code is on thrives on building a community of citizen developers who create apps even if they have no coding skills. According to the global survey , almost 70% of businesses are shifting their business processes to low-code solutions. It means that you need to write a code line when planning an app building. Before the penetration of no-code development platforms to build apps, professional developers spent considerable time writing code for enterprise-grade applications. It was the time when creating these apps required extensive programming and time. At that time, app development process without programming knowledge was not possible. In recent years, these no-code platforms have replaced the traditional development process. Due to these rapid changes, professional developers have started depending on these tools, as they allow them to execute their business tasks without much hassle and spend time on more critical tasks. People usually think app building is always laborious, time-consuming, exhausting, and needs the coding skills of professional developers until the arrival of these development platforms. These solutions promise to simplify and accelerate the business processes with visual tools. Moreover, these low-code platforms offer the essential tools to automate the workflow of businesses. Do you want to create apps without hiring professional developers with extensive programming knowledge? If yes, look no further!&nbsp; In this article, we'll unveil the benefits of visual development, the difference between these two development solutions, and interesting facts about the development with no-code or less code. Let's dig deeper into the details. Is Low-Code No-Code the Future of Software Development? Low-code/no-code platforms are the future of website app development or mobile development due to the variety of drag and drop options. Application developers are going to rely more on these automated tools to provide affordable business solutions. However, a beginner can also carry out the programming process without seeking help from professional developers&nbsp;after the penetration of this quick development.&nbsp;Due to the affordability and rapid application development, the next era is the era of low-code development.&nbsp; Also, the demand for no-code development platforms massively increased during the pandemic when businesses shifted their operations to the digital world. The reason behind the massive use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) based tools was the availability of a simple-to-use user interface that allowed the application development within a few clicks. At a time, creating business apps required hiring a developer's team with extensive coding knowledge. Keeping data in a central place was a complex process to automate the workflow of businesses. But thanks to no-code development solutions that help application developers to create applications without wasting time and needing much expertise in the development of business solutions. These development solutions are something where technology and application design go hand in hand to make your business app more interactive and give a new realm of low-code/no-code experience. The world is fastly adopting the era of low-code, a new beginning, and shortly, there will be a stage where traditional development will be a part of history.&nbsp;With the availability of low-code/no-code tools, application development has drastically shifted towards another era.&nbsp; Why Adopt No-Code/Low-Code Development? According to a Gartner survey, 65% of application development will be done with a low-code platform by 2025. Moreover, the idea of promoting the concept of "Citizen Developers" has made this technology more popular. There are several reasons for the adoption of low-cod/ no-code application development to create interactive apps, which are as follows: Cloud Technology Has Made Everything Accessible There were days when only large businesses could develop applications by purchasing hardware until the arrival of these tools. But no-code/low-code tools such as AppMaster, SeaTable, Mendix, and OutSystems have made it possible to develop cloud apps to meet business needs. Before the penetration of low-code platforms, small businesses suffered severely as they could not purchase hardware due to a lack of funds. However, software development in cloud technology such as Searchable, Mendix, OutSystems, AppMaster, etc., has made things easy for all types of businesses. Try AppMaster no-code today! Platform can build any web, mobile or backend application 10x faster and 3x cheaper Start Free All you need is to have a strong internet connection to create apps without worrying about infrastructure or costs by using low-code platforms for application building. The influx of these development tools like AppMaster, SeaTable, Mendix, OutSystems, etc., have further eased the process of development using the low-code platform. Cloud technology is data-driven technology that provides a central server to store business data without requiring hardware or additional costs for maintenance. This technology helps businesses to develop enterprise-grade applications. These applications help businesses in workflow automation to meet specific business needs. When using these tools, you need not write a code line for app building. Meeting the Rising Demand for Company Apps Undoubtedly, the demand for no-code application development is increasing 5x faster than traditional application development. These low-code application platforms have taken over the need for programming languages and hired professional developers to create business apps for automated workflows. With the help of these low-code application development tools such as Mendix, OutSystems, SeaTable, and AppMaster, you can automate workflows to attract more customers. Above all, a low-code platform helps professional developers to free up their work pressure and focus on other critical tasks. Moreover, these development platforms allow rapid development solutions to shift the business to the digital medium. Apart from quick business apps, low-code platforms&nbsp;help developers increase their product delivery by offering drag and drop features, interactive interfaces, and reusable components.&nbsp; Reduced IT Dependency Before the hype of low-code technology in app development, traditional application development required extensive coding in each development phase to create an app that meets the business needs in the best way. Entrepreneurs and small business owners are always looking for affordable business solutions to scale their businesses at large. But a few years back, businesses on a tight budget could not get the opportunity for the scalability of their products and services. Today, things have drastically changed in favor of small business owners. The availability of various low-code and cloud programming tools has shifted businesses towards rapid application development and reduced the involvement of IT programming professionals. You might be wondering about the future of developers with coding expertise and programming knowledge. The fact is that these development tools won't squeeze the opportunities of IT software professionals.&nbsp; Still, the low-code technology will help the programming professionals to speed up the processes and execute the development process quickly. Not only that, with the help of low-code, anyone can become a developer. You can kick start your career as an application developer even if you have no technical background. These tools can help you to excel in your career in app programming&nbsp;with few clicks. That is the beauty of low-code technology. Moreover, no-code platforms&nbsp;such as AppMaster also provide the backend for the applications, and you can even take the source code of your application if you need it.&nbsp; Brings Agility Low-code development adds flexibility and agility to businesses. These tools can help businesses replace legacy systems and create more modern ones to meet ever-changing customer needs and business conditions. These low-code platforms allow business users to create business apps easily and quickly without the knowledge of coding/programming. With the help of these development solutions, business apps are just a few clicks away from low-code application development without hiring development teams. The no-code development strategy needs the simple drag-and-drop to redesign and update applications effortlessly. The robust features of no-code tools are very supportive for any application, developer, or entrepreneur. These development solutions allow you to create apps that may run on cross-functional platforms and devices. Above all, these platforms offer a variety of features on cloud technology that allow users to access this data in no time.&nbsp; Try AppMaster no-code today! Platform can build any web, mobile or backend application 10x faster and 3x cheaper Start Free Cutting Down Costs A few years back, traditional app development offered business solutions to enterprises at an increased cost. The traditional development process had multiple phases, and every phase required an extensive amount of budget for completion. Moreover, development teams were involved in each iteration of the development.&nbsp; Nowadays, with the arrival of low-code programming tools, there is no need to wait a long time to make changes to the apps or spend a considerable amount of money coding the project. Moreover, low-code application development requires no programming knowledge and decreases the software development cycle period, reduces the need to hire expensive programmers, and undertakes low-maintenance costs for the application. What are Low-code and No-code a Guide for Development Platforms? Although low-code platforms&nbsp;have gained immense popularity, they are not the best fit to create legacy systems for all types of businesses. You might be wondering when to choose a development with these platforms. Low-code application development is ideal for startups who want to get quick software for their projects quickly and are tight on their budget. No-code software allows businesses to quickly adopt the idea in minimal time to launch a live product. No-code low-code software further helps a builder to get an inexpensive alternative to create a team of software developers and designers. AppMaster is one of the popular tools that allows you to build a unique application ecosystem with no coding skills, similar to the SeaTable templates. The beauty of AppMaster is that it provides the backend for the application, and you can even use the source code of this. These development solutions have been programmed to help the users to design, build, and launch applications easily and quickly without worrying about the degrees of underlying scalability requirements or operating systems. Moreover, these Artificial Intelligence based tools allow users to use the existing data models to launch the products online quickly. To understand the scope of these tools, you can get insights from the documentation section of AppMaster. Highlights of the AppMaster tool are as follows: Source code included These application solutions use advanced AI features and offer source code to the builder; hence, the users need not have technical skills and programming knowledge. Source code is the foundation of any program/website/application and illustrates how the program is structured. In an application developed with these solutions, a source code will be readable and developed in plain text for the programmers' understanding. Moreover, AppMaster provides source code to the app builder, making things easy so the software developers do not have to rack their brains for coding the project. Real AI-generated backend The low-code application development carries out a pure generation of coding using best practices without the involvement of humans. These applications are developed using the latest AI technology to augment support for the program to make you comfortable using the no-code AppMaster platform. Visual editing tools only There was a time when the completion of software applications took months and years. The development teams were involved in the development to complete the project iterations, and it was a time taken process. Today, the development of these tools is just a matter of hours. These no-code development platforms contain visual editing tools, and they can look after everything with no risk, hassle, and use for your project with necessary changes matching your business needs. Most no-code tools come with easy-to-navigate drag-and-drop features, making application development easy for small business owners. Developer partner program These app builders, such as AppMaster, allow the users to earn rewards by app development for their customers in no time. These no-code tools are customer-friendly, developer-friendly, and real-time partners to enhance your professional growth. To become a part of the developer partner program, you need to visit the official website of AppMaster and click on the " Become a Partner " tab. After joining the community of no-code experts, you can enjoy the following perks: Advanced Development Tools AppMaster allows a business owner to host their cloud apps from anywhere. The development toolkit is available to make changes in the apps from anywhere.&nbsp; Lead Generation&nbsp; Once your business is live after building a software application with AppMaster, you are all set to drive more traffic to your cloud apps and increase the conversion rate.&nbsp; Offer Training&nbsp; The developer partner program of this low-code development platform offers training and enablement to overcome the difficulties faced in development.&nbsp; Offer Competitive Price &nbsp; This low-code development platform helps business owners to pay a competitive price for low-code applications without causing an extra burden on their budget.&nbsp; Try AppMaster no-code today! Platform can build any web, mobile or backend application 10x faster and 3x cheaper Start Free Will No-Code Replace Developers? After the hype of no-code development platforms, the much talked about discussion is whether no-code/low-code technology will replace developers or not. There is no definite answer to these questions. The selection of using low-code/no-code platforms and hiring professional developers depend on the nature of the application you are going to build.&nbsp; These database-based solutions have been designed to create applications with different features for people of all backgrounds. Undoubtedly, these no-code tools have come a long way, and businesses are using these solutions to increase their reach to their potential customers. AppMaster is not an exception! This no-code development solution offers built-in drag-and-drop elements. Similarly, you can find the same features in SeaTable, widely used to scale, use, reuse, and modify the applications per the project requirements. Moreover, no-code platforms can help programmers to complete the development process quickly. A novice user can also develop anything they want with ease equal to that of SeaTable Mendix, OutSystems, and other no-code tools. We recommend you use no-code development platforms when creating an app with basic features.&nbsp; However, when it comes to developing a complex project like creating a chatbot for your website or CRM, ERP, or HRM systems, we recommend you hire professional developers to build these applications, or you can use AppMaster because this platform uses database-based and can help you to develop enterprise-grade applications. So, there is a tie between using these tools and hiring a development team for development.&nbsp; A project with no-code development platforms allows business owners to develop applications matching to SeaTable templates without coding. Web developers might depend on low-code solutions to deliver great products faster. Still, no-code is acceptable to a great extent unless you are not developing development solutions that require manual coding. It is worth noticing that no-code applications with various features have not been designed to replace professional developers but to help people from any background make various applications with few clicks. Moreover, these low-code web solutions ease the effort of developers to write code programming for their web projects. The development team can get an idea by no-code platforms like AppMaster or OutSystems to make app building easy. Not only professionals, but these platforms also help even novice users to develop an application, whether web or mobile apps. No-code web platforms like AppMaster, SeaTable, Mendix, OutSystems, etc., are great for business owners to create applications with chatbot features without writing a single line of code. So, business owners are more likely to use these application builders like AppMaster, SeaTable, Mendix, OutSystems, etc., to finish projects faster with this technology. It would further help them to free up their time for undertaking higher-level tasks. Can I Create an App Without Knowing Coding? It is pretty easy for anyone to convert their app ideas into reality, also for technically interested employees by using these app builder solutions for their projects. As there are various no-code development tools available, as a new builder, you do not need any prior programming knowledge or experience in coding to turn your dream into reality.&nbsp; No-code platforms provide powerful visual development features to build outstanding business applications without writing a single line of code. These tools come with built-in readable pre-written codes. The exciting thing about no-code, low-code programming solutions is that they have also been made for a novice builder, even if they are not technically interested. So, individuals who are not technically interested need not have to spare time to re-invent the wheel to find proper keys for the project. Still, AppMaster could be a little challenging for you if you have a nontechnical background because it is a more powerful platform suitable for enterprise solutions. But you can learn it by putting in a little effort.&nbsp; Try AppMaster no-code today! Platform can build any web, mobile or backend application 10x faster and 3x cheaper Start Free The no-code application development tools can look after every part of your project, like business logic, data models, web, backend, mobile applications, and API. Moreover, the self-hosted no-code tools allow technically interested employees and a builder to publish the project automatically to AWS, Azure, private cloud, AppMaster cloud. Apart from this, these cloud-hosted platforms let you connect your workflow to hundreds of your favorite services and apps, or get access to your content with API programmatically. Moreover, if you want to customize an app, you need not add custom code. You can customize these apps in a few clicks without programming.&nbsp; Performance Analysis of AppMaster vs Mendix, Out Systems, BettyBloks, Bubble and FlutterFlow In this section, we are presenting the performance analysis of different no-code and low-code tools.&nbsp; Difference between No-Code and Low-Code According to a Forrester survey, the no-code app development will hit the market $21 billion in the next decade. Yes, you heard it right. Business owners will be using low-code tools to kick-start their businesses. As an entrepreneur, you must understand the differences between no-code and low-code as the former targets professional developers and later business users. A good comprehension of the feature differences between no-code and low-code helps a good coder grasp the technical knowledge of the platforms and work on the projects quickly. Low-code development platforms allow entrepreneurs to create mobile applications with drag and drop features and minimum logic. You can choose low-code tools for application development if you are at the beginning level of coding. You can compare low-code technology with machine learning, where a data scientist builds web applications or mobile apps without explicitly programming these applications. For example, application development with a low-code development platform that uses Natural Language Processing (NLP).&nbsp; On the other hand, no-code tools for application development allow the users to create apps without writing a single line of code. So, even a beginner with no coding skills can develop hassle-free apps for your business growth. App development with no-code app development has a slighter difference with low-code app building platforms. Above all, these low-code development platforms help in app development using visual programing options instead of programming languages. But, low-code platforms require an understanding of the program logic for app development.&nbsp; Despite the slighter difference, both platforms have equally gained immense popularity due to the fast business solutions without using traditional programming languages. Therefore, business owners prefer to develop software solutions with these development platforms instead of hiring a professional software developer. These software solutions meet all business needs and automate the workflow of the business process.&nbsp; So, are you ready for app development without coding expertise? Isn't it exciting to build your business app without spending money on the development cost? We are sure that your answer would be an absolute yes.&nbsp; Low-code development platforms render fantastic opportunities and roles for businesses of all sizes. However, building applications is only easily possible with the right platforms that can do your work correctly. So, get ready to develop your application in no time and take your business to the next level with the support of AppMaster, further saving money and time. &nbsp; Final Thoughts We hope you are well versed in the role of these platforms in automating the business process. You can decide to shift your business to using no-code/low-code technology. As an entrepreneur, you must understand the differences between these development solutions. You can choose no-code solutions if you have a non-technical background, but choosing low-code solutions requires a basic understanding of programming.&nbsp; Low-code/no-code software development platforms render fantastic opportunities and keys for businesses of all sizes. However, creating an app is only easily possible with the right no-code platforms. We recommend you try the no-code AppMaster tool.&nbsp; Сontents 1. Is Low-Code No-Code the Future of Software Development? 2. Why Adopt No-Code/Low-Code Development? Cloud Technology Has Made Everything Accessible Meeting the Rising Demand for Company Apps Reduced IT Dependency Brings Agility Cutting Down Costs 3. What are Low-code and No-code a Guide for Development Platforms? 4. Will No-Code Replace Developers? 5. Can I Create an App Without Knowing Coding? 6. Performance Analysis of AppMaster vs Mendix, Out Systems, BettyBloks, Bubble and FlutterFlow 7. Difference between No-Code and Low-Code 8. Final Thoughts Jamal Osman SEO blog Author, Copywriter Share Explore more content Development No-code Low-code Software Build your own app with AppMaster today ! The best way to understand the power of AppMaster is to see it for yourself. Start Free Book a Demo Related Posts Sep 13, 2023 8 min Troubleshooting Common Issues with REST API Learn how to tackle common challenges faced while working with REST API, including authentication, rate limiting, CORS, pagination, and more, accompanied by solutions and tips. API Development Tips &amp; Tricks Sep 13, 2023 10 min Top Drag-and-Drop Website Builders of 2023 A comprehensive comparison and review of website builders, their features and usability to help you choose the best one. Website Comparison Review Sep 13, 2023 6 min What are Data Structures? Definition and Types Discover the world of data structures, understand their importance in software development, and explore various types of data structures and their practical applications. Software Development Tutorial GET STARTED FREE Inspired to try this yourself? The best way to understand the power of AppMaster is to see it for yourself. Make your own application in minutes with free subscription Bring Your Ideas to Life Powered by AppMaster AppMaster is a new generation no-code platform for automating business processes and building native apps for web &amp; mobile with code generation. Product Mobile apps Database Designer Business Process Editor Web Apps Designer Integrations Solutions Industries Success Stories Pricing Product Updates Security Platforms Comparison Company Careers Partner program Find a Partner Contact us For Investors Professional Services Community Community Community Chat Documentation Learn &amp; Get help University Blog News ROI Calculator Roadmap No-Code List No-Code Founders Find Platform Glossary Comparison AppMaster vs Adalo AppMaster vs Webflow AppMaster vs Bubble AppMaster vs Directual AppMaster vs Mendix AppMaster vs Quixy Resources Xano Alternatives Bubble Alternatives Kissflow Alternatives Creatio Alternatives Appy Pie Alternatives OutSystems Alternatives Mendix Alternatives Webflow Alternatives Adalo Alternatives FlutterFlow Alternatives Build a Custom CRM How to Create an App in 2023 Terms of Service Privacy Policy English Français Español Deutsch Русский 日本語 한국어 简体中文 Português हिन्दी বাংলা العربية Bahasa Indonesia Türkçe Italiano Polski Tiếng Việt Nederlands ภาษาไทย © 2020-2023 AppMaster® We use cookies to make our site work and also for analytics and advertising purposes. See our Cookie Policy for details. OK Chat with us 