 The BUSD Crops Farmer Audited by CyberCrimeShield™ Tutorial video YouTube Buy BUSD Contract Telegram Connect <!-- BUSD - Crops Farmer ! --> Hire, Grow, Harvest! 8% Daily ~ 2920% APR 8% Referral Bonus 4% Hire Bonus 12 Hours Compound Timer 4 Hours Withdraw Cooldown 48 Hours Rewards Accumulation Cut-Off 10 Times Mandatory Compound Feature 80% Feedback Tax For Early Withdrawals. Total BUSD wait for claim (open at wallet browser to see) - <!-- Total BUSD Referrals - Total BUSD Locked - --> Total Deposit Count (connect to wallet to see ) - Important Note! To ensure sustainability and longevity of the project, AND as an enhancement from the previous similar miner game, the crops farmers team has implemented a feature that would encourage/enforce farmers to continuously compound before taking profit. Users should compound X no. of times before they can withdraw. Should a farmer decide not to compound or hire more farmers using his earnings, and continuously withdraw, farmer will be charged with a 80% feedback tax that will remain part of the contract. In Addition, to further encourage the community to re-hire/compound, there will be an additional 3% bonus for each compound action that the user will do, which can stack up to 40% for 10 consecutive times / 5 days. By doing so, this will ensure the long term potential profit of every investor. The best strategy that the team can recommend is to re-hire/compound for 5 days and harvest 1 day a week. This will increase the users investment at the same time increasing the daily yield earnings. This strategy has already been tried and tested by several project and is proven effective. Farmer Dashboard Initial Deposit - BUSD Total Deposit - BUSD Sold Crops - BUSD Referral Rewards ( - ) - BUSD Hiring Example 100 BUSD gets you: Farmers: 0 Daily: 0 BUSD Wallet 0 BUSD 1. Approve BUSD <!-- ( 0 BUSD approved) > Approve BUSD Deposit BUSD ( min 0 , max 0 ) Hire 0 Farmers - Farmers - CROPS Estimated daily yield 0 BUSD Cart will be full in --:--:-- Compound Count: 0 Harvest Crops in --:--:-- -80% tax Hire More Farmers ( +0% bonus ) Time until next hire bonus is activated: --:--:-- <!-- Time until next hire bonus is activated: --:--:-- --> Every time you hire or re-hire Farmers after the time interval, the compound counter will increase and your hire bonus grows by -% (max +-% ). Harvesting crops will reset your bonus to 0. <!--Time until next hire bonus is activated: --:--:-- --> Earn -% when someone uses your referral link! Frequently Asked Questions What is the BUSD Crops Farmers? The BUSD Crops Farmer is a decentralized application built on the Binance Smart Chain(BSC). The object of the game is to hire more farmers to help you mine BUSD. These Farmers work for you tirelessly, giving you a daily average of 8% of your farmers' value. The more farmers you hire, the more crops you will get , the more BUSD you will gain how to start mine BUSD and how to withdraw ? 1.Open busdtminer.info at wallet browser ,choose binance smart chain 2.Input how much busd you wanna appove, click Appove BUSD, finish the transation (Here gas fee 0.00002BNB about 0.2$) 3.Input how much busd you wanna deposit into contract ,click Hire Farmers.(Here gas fee 0.00002BNB about 0.2$) 4.Wait for farmers working for you ,and you can drink a coffee ,get the Crops after the timer cool down . 5.Click Harverst Crops after 4 hours. BUSD will auto sending to your wallet. 6. you can choose Hire more farmers compound or harvest to withdraw by yourself. what to mention ? Open the platform at wallet brower (such as trust wallet, metamask), or you can click connect at the corner of website when you connet it at PC browser . Choose binance smart chain(BSC ,BEP20) only . Firstly appove busd then hire farmers. What is the recommended strategy? Hire more farmers ,hire more farmers, hire more farmers. copy the referral link, promote it , you will get 8% of each deposit instant. © Copyright The Crops Farmer Team . All Rights Reserved 