 C ARDANO C RYPTO C ASINO LOG IN GAMES&nbsp; ▼ HALL OF FAME FAIRNESS HOW TO PLAY Q&amp;A &lt; &gt; WELCOME ON BOARD Discover random games platform based only on Cardano Blockchain. On cardanocryptocasino.com you can use your cryptocurrencies as a real payment method and have some fun in the slot games, classic casino games or roll some dices! All of our games are fully random, fair and easy to play! And all your keys are encrypted on your cookie file so they remain 100% private. Because we are using ADA the transfers are quick and safe. It is not Bitcoin, Etherium or Litecoin, here you deposit and withdraw funds in seconds without house commission! Join the game today and test your luck! Spin the wheel to feel the real emotions! Classic rules, beautiful graphics and excitement just like at the real table! What is your lucky number? Test it now! The majestic beauty of wildlife is now enhanced with MEGAWAYS™ mechanics! It means more ways to win big! Become a hero of a magic fairy tale! Enter the new slot Royal High-Road!! Enter the old mineshaft, grab your pickaxe and try to find the HiveStone! Are you brave enough to try to do it? It’s time to fly to eternal height! Launching the rocket to the stars means getting incredible winnings! Space XY is an easy game with exciting gameplay. Can you imagine a trip to a wild animal park where you can win money? It's real! Cute Miss Cherry Fruits generously shares her fortune with every player, giving more and more chances to win amazing prizes! Are you looking to add a bit of fun and brightness to your life? Miss Cherry Fruits invites you to the party! Marine adventures with pirates in search of treasures! it’s not scary, it’s fun! Get ready to enter a world beyond your wildest fruit fantasies! Somewhere very far away, on the planet we have never heard about super-intelligent fruits live! Try this slot inspired by the Celtic culture! Lucky Lady’s Clover waits here for you! We offer you to go through the couple’s road! Enjoy the fascinating bonuses, features and multiply winnings to spend them on an adventurous trip that you’ve been dreaming of for a long time! Meet Bonanza Billion! A vibrant fruit fiesta filled with magnificent winnings that every sweet tooth will love! Behold everyone’s favorite slot! We introduce a magician transformation of best games and their mechanics into a single game - Aztec Magic Bonanza! This is a traditional-style bright-coloured slot with simple nice symbols – fruits, diamonds, bells. Fun-filled slot, One of Elvis’s biggest fans, Elvis Frog, is the hero with his own Vegas show devoted to 'The King'. Remember Johnny Cash? A daring cowboy searching for money and gold? You have a chance to meet him again in the new slot! 5x3 simple bright-coloured slot with juicy fruit symbols Helps to cheer up and to get a gulp of freshness. New Wild Cash slot for all who like to listen to this crisp sound of new banknotes! Meet, Lady Wolf Moon waiting to make your dreams come true! Free Spins, Scatters, Wild Multiplayer and Gamble round giving you more opportunities to get generous gifts from Lady Moon. Let the magic happen! Aloha King Elvis is inspired by the Elvis Frog in Vegas slot We invite you to the fantastic holiday! Well-known charismatic Elvis Frog again appears in the collection! This time it is completely new gaming experience! This slot is a sweet tooth’s paradise. You will find yourself in the candy factory. The hosts of the sweet factory won’t leave you without great winnings. The Book of Cats is a captivating slot that will catapult you into Egypt. We hope you’ll find the game just purrfect! It is a slot with the elements of Match-3 games. It is played by spinning the refilling reels. The wins are achieved when a certain number of symbols, dropping adjacent, form a cluster. The Aztec theme and favorite characters are back with you! This time the slot has strengthened and become even more incredible due to the popular MEGAWAYS™ mechanics! Howdy farmers, might enjoy some garden beds activities these days? No more common symbols and numbers! Now players can enjoy wonderful fruits, veggies and cute animals. We know the recipe of your perfect mood and great winnings! All the necessary ingredients were mixed in the magic pot, and here it is: the new game Potion Spells! Are you an experienced card player or just a newbie? Join a classic blackjack game and play a few hands! This Las Vegas version of the game definitely deserves the attention of savvy players or just those seeking additional thrills from more bets per round! Enjoy the classic roulette experience with a revamped European Roulette. The Wild West is calling out! Try the most dramatic and popular variations of poker in the world with a wide variety of strategies! Visit Casino Hold’em to enjoy this poker game and of course take your impressive winnings! Join us to get all the wealth of the medieval kingdom! Jacks or Better is a great opportunity to travel in time and try some originally stylized video poker! Conquer Mars and reach for the Mega Wins! Massive JackPot is waiting for the bravest space pirates and there's up to 10,000 ADA to win! Why not try a lucky shot? Plinko is really elementary and random, there are no specific betting strategies, but it’s still enjoyed by many fans for years. The entertainment is guaranteed, especially if you feel like going to hit big today! The gameplay is simple yet absorbing: Proceed to the opposite end of the playfield and try not to blow yourself up. Plinko XY is an updated version of the traditional game, but this time enhanced for crypto projects. Neat and clean, perfect for leisure. Your entertainment in every game is ours top priority. Welcome to Rocket Dice XY! Neat and clean, perfect for leisure. Your entertainment in every game is ours top priority. Welcome to Rocket Dice! Crypto mining without special gear? In our new game it's possible! Feel the thrill of exploring new blocks that could lead you to the Mega Win! Enter the orient world today with Gates Of Fortune! Discover the traditional symbols and set them in one wall which brings you the rain of gold coins. Try to Double Up your winnings up to 5 times! Exchange your cards to get the best hands and win ADA! But do you have guts to put everything on one card and smash the bank? Winner, winner chicken dinner! Join the game on real table and try to make it 21! Let's shuffle and deal, are you in? Check out the most popular game on the blockchain! Try to predict the outcome, roll the dices and win ADA! Simple rules, big wins, a lot of fun! Jump in and test it! Spin the wheel to feel the real emotions! Classic rules, beautiful graphics and excitement just like at the real table! What is your lucky number? Test it now! FAIRNESS In math we trust, so we don't have and don't want to have any influence on the individual outcomes of the draw in our games. Fairness and randomness are guaranteed by a library providing cryptographically encrypted grain and an algorithm that encrypts all data to a generator in the way it's no dependent on time and date. SECURITY To provide our players with the maximum level of security the login is possible through Cardano Wallets. All your keys are encrypted on your cookie file and remain 100% private. Neither Wallet developers nor our website have access to your keys. CONTACT Do you have any questions, offer or feedback? Send us an e-mail and let's stay in touch! @ &nbsp;&nbsp; contact@cardanocryptocasino.com FOLLOW If you want to be the first to know about news and special offers follow our profiles! Welcome on board! To start playing you will need a Cardano Wallet. If you don't have one yet, choose one on the web or follow our recommendation. Install Wallet I got a Cardano Wallet 