 CATECOIN Home Staking NFT Market Catepad Catpay Play 2 Earn Crypto Wallet Buy Now Catecoin is a Community Based Cat themed Utility project BSC Contract ETH Contract 0xE4FAE3Faa8300810C835970b9187c268f55D998F Copy to Clipboard Copied Buy Now 0xf05897CfE3CE9BBBfE0751CBE6B1B2c686848DCb Copy to Clipboard Copied Buy Now WHAT IS Catecoin? Catecoin is a cat-themed meme coin that is designed to offer the holder a host of benefits that other meme coins don't have. Gaming and NFT Buy and trade cat NFTs in the Catecoin Marketplace. Play the 'Rise of Cats' Game and Earn Catpay tokens. Mobile Wallet Catecoin has a Decentralized Crypto wallet for Android and Apple users which crypto users can use to store cryptocurrency with full control. Community Dapps Launched Mutiple Community Dapps Like Catepad, Catetools etc which crypto community can use to invest and also to earn rewards. Learn more We Are Catecoin Why invest in Catecoin? Passive Income With Catecoin, you can earn a 15% APY plus 2% per transaction fee is distributed back to holders. Play-to-Earn NFT Gaming Catecoin has play-to-earn NFT gaming that allows crypto users to earn rewards in Catpay. Deflationary Catecoin is Deflationary in Nature, With every Transaction the Circulating supply of Catecoin will reduce. Stake and Earn Long term Catecoin Hodler can Stake and Earn up to 15% APY. Catecoin Wallet Catecoin has also launched a Decentralized Crypto wallet. IDO Platform Catecoin also has an IDO platform to launch projects and only catecoin investors can participate in the project launch program. IN-HOUSE PRODUCTS Play to Earn Game Earn Catpay NFT Marketplace Buy/Sell NFT Learn More Crypto Wallet Decentralized Mobile Wallet Your Keys is your Crypto Store your Favourite Crypto Learn More IDO Platform Early Investor Buy in Launch Price 100x your investment Learn More Rise of Cats A secure crypto wallet to grow your investments Safely store and exchange crypto with Catecoin Wallet. How to buy CATECOIN 1. Step: Install Metamask for Chrome Go to Metamask (CLICK HERE) and install the Chrome extension. Follow their steps from the guide and finish the setup. 2. Step: Send BNB to Metamask Once you have setup metamask, you can send BNB from an exchange like Kraken, Coinbase or Binance to your Metamask address. 3. Step: Connect to Pancakeswap Go to PANCAKESWAP.Finance and click the "Connect" button. When Metamask asks for your signature, go ahead and sign it. 4. Step: Swap your BNB for CATECOIN Now you can swap your BNB for CATE. Set your slippage to 5-6% . Click on the Swap Button to finalize your trade. How to buy CATECOIN 1. Step: Install Trust Wallet on your phone Go to the Trust Wallet website (CLICK HERE) and install the app for your device. Follow their steps from the guide and finish the setup. 2. Step: Send BNB to Trust Wallet Once you have setup your wallet, you can send BNB from an exchange like Kraken, Coinbase or Binance to your Trust Wallet address. 3. Step: Add CATECOIN custom token To add CATECOIN token to your wallet follow THIS GUIDE and proceed to the next step once you have completed the procedure. 4. Step: Connect to Pancakeswap Go to Pancakeswap.Finance and click the "Connect wallet" button. Use the WalletConnect option to connect and then select Trust Wallet from the list. 5. Step: Swap your BNB for CATECOIN Now you can swap your BNB for CATE. Set your slippage to 6-7% . Click on the Swap Button to finalize your trade. CATE Catecoin has the potential to become the Next SHIBA INU . Explore all products FAQs Got any questions? How secure is my Investment in Catecoin ? Catecoin liquidity is locked and team is dedicated, Catecoin aims to develop products that help crypto community, and also bring new people to crypto,Catecoin is deflationary in nature so your value of your coin will rise with time. What is Catecoin[CATE]? Catecoin is first Cat themed token launched in May 2021, Where project aim is to develop useful dapps that help crypto community . How do I buy Catecoin? You can buy catecoin from Pancakeswap or you can use Centralized Exchange like Gate.io . What is Catecoin Contract Address? Catecoin is Binance Chain Token and Contract Address is 0xE4FAE3Faa8300810C835970b9187c268f55D998F How can i stake Catecoin? You can stake catecoin by going to stake.catecoin.club Is Catecoin deflationary? Yes, Catecoin is deflationary, 2% reward is also reflecting to dead address that makes catecoin deflationary. Catecoin Supply? Catecoin Circulating supply is 34,378,628,154,281 and Total supply after deducting Burned tokens is 65,000,000,000,000.We already burned almost 35% of supply Catecoin vs. Others Catecoin Supply 100T Staking 15% APY Hodl and Earn Hodlers earn 2% Every Transaction Usage Defi Meme Platform, Gaming Platform Shiba Supply 1 Quadrillion Staking No staking option Hodl and Earn No earning option Usage Shibaswap Doge Supply Unlimited Supply Staking No staking option Hodl and Earn No earning option Usage No Utility Are you ready to become part of Catecoin Community? Buy Now Loved by the community Explore all Community Catecoin Contract Address 0xE4FAE3Faa8300810C835970b9187c268f55D998F Copy to Clipboard Copied Our community grows stronger every day. Please follow our social platforms to get the most up-to-date, accurate CATE information. Telegram Twitter GitHub Instagram 2023 Catecoin- All rights reserved. Contact - hodl@catecoin.club 