 Skip to content <div class="elementor-element elementor-element-311bf94 elementor-nav-menu__align-center elementor-nav-menu--stretch elementor-nav-menu--dropdown-tablet elementor-nav-menu__text-align-aside elementor-nav-menu--toggle elementor-nav-menu--burger elementor-widget elementor-widget-nav-menu" data-id="311bf94" data-element_type="widget" data-settings="{&quot;full_width&quot;:&quot;stretch&quot;,&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;horizontal&quot;,&quot;submenu_icon&quot;:{&quot;value&quot;:&quot; &quot;,&quot;library&quot;:&quot;fa-solid&quot;},&quot;toggle&quot;:&quot;burger&quot;}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> Home Utilities Tokenomics Roadmap Contact Menu Home Utilities Tokenomics Roadmap Contact Whitepaper Audit Welcome to CEO The Ultimate Revenue Sharing Ecosystem Become a CEO. Join Now. Telegram X/ Twitter Medium Reddit Youtube Contract Address: 0x3d255AEA8543901A509bc0a377dc3b5dF5D8D146 Pinksale Buy Now CMC CoinGecko Dextools Dexview Staking NFTs Revenue Share The revenue sharing mechanism for CEO Token is designed to prioritize the benefits of token holders above all other stakeholders within the ecosystem. The mechanism ensures that a significant portion of the revenue generated from various utilities is distributed back to token holders, fostering a symbiotic relationship between the platform’s success and the well-being of its community Financial Incentive Token holders have a strong financial incentive to hold and accumulate CEO Tokens, as they directly benefit from the generated revenue through dividends and potential token value appreciation. Community Participation The revenue-sharing mechanism fosters a sense of community participation and alignment of interests, as token holders are rewarded for their support and contribution to the CEO Ecosystem. Passive Income The dividend distribution provides token holders with a passive income stream, enabling them to participate in the success of the ecosystem without active involvement. Token Value Growth Through buybacks and token burns, token holders can potentially witness an increase in the value of their CEO Tokens, leading to capital appreciation. Utilities Welcome to the world of CEO Token, a revolutionary digital asset that goes beyond the ordinary. Designed with the vision of empowering its holders, CEO Token brings forth an array ordinary. Designed with the vision of empowering its holders, CEO Token brings forth an array prosperity of this dynamic ecosystem. Property Investment CEO Token opens doors to a novel opportunity in the realm of property investment. Through the token’s unique mechanism, holders gain access to a curated selection of real estate projects, leveraging blockchain technology to participate in fractional ownership. By pooling resources, CEO token holders can also collectively invest in properties, diversifying portfolios, and unlocking the potential for significant returns. Learn More LP Farming and Staking For those seeking to maximize their earnings, CEO Token introduces LP farming and staking. By providing liquidity to select DeFi platforms, token holders can earn rewards in CEO Tokens and other cryptocurrencies. Additionally, staking CEO Tokens enhances the security and decentralization of the network while offering impressive staking rewards, bolstering the overall value for all holders. Learn More NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens) Embracing the burgeoning NFT space, CEO Token has curated an exclusive marketplace where holders can mint, buy, and sell NFTs. These unique digital assets represent ownership of rare collectibles, artwork, virtual real estate, and more. The marketplace not only fosters creativity and self-expression but also provides an avenue for generating substantial profits from the booming NFT industry. Learn More Swap/Bridge CEO Token empowers its holders with a seamless and efficient swap and bridge mechanism. This feature allows easy conversion between CEO Tokens and other major cryptocurrencies, facilitating smooth transactions and ensuring liquidity across various blockchain ecosystems. Through the bridge, holders can diversify their holdings and engage in cross-chain opportunities. Learn More Virtual Card for $CEO Holders Recognizing the importance of accessibility and utility, CEO Token presents its very own virtual card, exclusively available to all $CEO holders. The virtual card enables holders to spend their tokens directly, facilitating real-world purchases at partner merchants, e-commerce platforms, and retail establishments. This integration between digital assets and everyday spending enhances the practicality and usability of CEO Tokens, further driving demand and growth. Learn More CEO Store The CEO Store which compromises of unique, best selling apparel for men, women and kids of all ages. The CEO brand stands for unity, freedom and independence, and pushing that through a symbol of apparel and a fashion brand is a CEO promise. The Sales of apparel and accessories would go back to CEO holders through the revenue sharing programme. Learn More Virtual Card: CEO The Virtual Debit CEO Card is an exclusive feature offered to all CEO Token holders, providing them with a powerful tool to utilize their crypto assets in the real world. It functions as a virtual debit card linked to the CEO Ecosystem, enabling seamless spending of CEO Tokens and other supported cryptocurrencies at various merchants, e-commerce platforms, and retail establishments. This innovative offering bridges the gap between the crypto space and traditional financial systems, providing a wide range of benefits to both token holders and users of the virtual card. Benefits to Token Holders: Instant Access to Funds Enhanced Utility Financial Freedom Privacy and Security Benefits to Users of the Virtual Card: Wide Acceptance Currency Agnostic Cashback and Rewards Global Usage Overall Advantages: User-Friendly Experience Enhanced Utility Financial Freedom Privacy and Security CEO: The Token Tokenomics refers to the economic principles and design of a cryptocurrency or token, including its supply, distribution, utility, and governance. It encompasses various factors that govern the behavior of the token within its ecosystem and the interactions of its participants. In the case of CEO Token, tokenomics plays a crucial role in shaping the token’s value, adoption, and overall sustainability. Presale and LP 10% Staking/Swap 10% CEO Bridge 5% Ecosystem Fund 65% NFT Rewards and Incentives 5% Presale and LP 10% Token distribution refers to how the initial supply of CEO Tokens is distributed among different stakeholders. This distribution can have a significant impact on the token’s decentralization, governance, and community engagement. Staking/Swap 10% Token distribution refers to how the initial supply of CEO Tokens is distributed among different stakeholders. This distribution can have a significant impact on the token’s decentralization, governance, and community engagement. CEO Bridge 5% Token distribution refers to how the initial supply of CEO Tokens is distributed among different stakeholders. This distribution can have a significant impact on the token’s decentralization, governance, and community engagement. Ecosystem Fund 65% Token distribution refers to how the initial supply of CEO Tokens is distributed among different stakeholders. This distribution can have a significant impact on the token’s decentralization, governance, and community engagement. NFT Rewards and Incentives 5% Token distribution refers to how the initial supply of CEO Tokens is distributed among different stakeholders. This distribution can have a significant impact on the token’s decentralization, governance, and community engagement. Partners Roadmap The roadmap for CEO is broken down into 3 core stages with a long term vision being pushed by the CEO team at all times. The Q1 will compromise of launch, then moving over to adding the utilities one by one alongside consistent growth in partnerships in the tangible world Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Idea Adoption and Team Hire Event Website Development Whitepaper Formation Pre-Launch Marketing Launch of CEO on Uniswap Listing on CMC and CG Launch of CEO Virtual Card 2m+ MC and 5,000 Holders Launch of CEO Store Registration of CEO in UAE Launch of CEO Stake and Swap Launch of CEO Bridge Purchase of CEO HQ Integration of NFT's with Staking Launch of Revenue DApp 10M+ MC and 10,000 Holders Launch of LP Farms Listing on Tier 1 CEX Partnerships for CEO Store Launch of CEO CEX Launch of CEO Launchpad 50M+ MC and 20,000 Holders Phase 1 Idea Adoption and Team Hire Event Website Development Whitepaper Formation Pre-Launch Marketing Launch of CEO on Uniswap Listing on CMC and CG Launch of CEO Virtual Card 2m+ MC and 5,000 Holders Phase 2 Launch of CEO Store Registration of CEO in UAE Launch of CEO Stake and Swap Launch of CEO Bridge Purchase of CEO HQ Integration of NFT's with Staking Launch of Revenue DApp 10M+ MC and 10,000 Holders Phase 3 Launch of LP Farms Listing on Tier 1 CEX Partnerships for CEO Store Launch of CEO CEX Launch of CEO Launchpad 50M+ MC and 20,000 Holders Team Member Together, the CEO Team combines diverse skills and talents to achieve the company’s goals and drive it toward greater success. Luke (Founder) Personal Secretary (The Marketing Officer) Mussy P (Chief Operating Officer) Victoria (Developer) Z (Chief Marketing Officer) LewisP (Connections Assistant) <div class="elementor-element elementor-element-c8ab486 elementor-nav-menu__align-center elementor-nav-menu--dropdown-none elementor-widget elementor-widget-nav-menu" data-id="c8ab486" data-element_type="widget" data-settings="{&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;horizontal&quot;,&quot;submenu_icon&quot;:{&quot;value&quot;:&quot; &quot;,&quot;library&quot;:&quot;fa-solid&quot;}}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> Home Utilities Tokenomics Roadmap Contact Home Utilities Tokenomics Roadmap Contact Telegram Medium Reddit Youtube Copyright 2023 CEO contact@ceo-token.com 