 Product Technology Team Docs Trade Disrupt Blockchain Boundaries Liberate CEX Prices on DEX to Every Chain Learn more Problem We Solved Exploitation &amp; Worse DEX Prices Caused by Trapped Liquidity Multiple new layer one and layer two blockchain solutions create fragmentation of DeFi application ecosystems and the trapped, captive liquidity in their respective domains. What We Do We Disrupt Blockchain Boundaries Liberate CEX &amp; DEX Liquidity to Every Chain CEXISWAP’s mission is to eliminate the exploitation and fulfill the DeFi 2.0 vision. Product Features CEXISWAP is a decentralized exchange that liberates DEX and CEX liquidity. Better price than DEX Competitive prices through a decentralized network Better experience than CEX No deposits are required. Trade directly from your wallet Zero slippage See the final price before trading with instant and reliable price quotes Front-run protection Protection against MEV (sandwiching, arbitrage, and front running) Competitive Advantages CEXISWAP is developed as an efficient, ready-to-use solution,bridging the gap between CEXs and DEXs, promising technology and mass crypto users. Technology Trade Pipe Technology (TPT) In order to fulfill our mission of liberating liquidity, we built our Trade Pipe Technology (TPT) into a DEX to execute user orders based on the trading environment and demand. GitBook &nbsp; Team Scott Tsai Co-Founder &amp; CEO Cheryl Chueh Co-Founder &amp; CMO Rex Wu Senior Full-Stack Developer &nbsp; Terry Lin Design Lead &nbsp; Investors &amp; Partnership Chris Wang Co-Founder/CEO at Thundercore Co-Founder at Playdom Kun Kao Co-Founder/CEO at Crunchyroll Co-Founder/COO at GGWP Cogitent Ventures &nbsp; Million $USD will be unlocked SOON! Trading Rewards = Trading Volume × We need everyone’s strength to turn over a new page in Defi. Trade and earn a piece of CEXISWAP! News Announcement CEXISWAP collaborates with Cogitent Ventures to build strong strategic partnership to revolutionize DeFi future. CEXISWAP Cogitent Announcement CEXISWAP achieved $68M trading volume including test mode. CEXISWAP Announcement Traders’ channel Telegram group is live for professional CEXISWAP traders. CEXISWAP Join the Mission to Fulfill Defi 2.0 Create a new world without exploitation Do you accept? Trade Now Discover Product Technology White Paper Audit Report Developer Smart Contract API Community Twitter Telegram (Official) Telegram (Announce) Support Gitbook FAQ contact@cexiswap.io investor@cexiswap.io Copyright © 2022 CEXISWAP. 1.7.1 