 Quests Work With Us Whitepaper App Quests Work With Us Whitepaper App WE ARE LIVE ON UNISWAP! Play the Meta Game Complete 1 Quest per Month in a Web3 Game and Earn Rewards with a CG Hero Enter App CG Meta Gameplay Boost Your Hero, Complete Quests and Collect Rewards CG Hero +100 points Unlock a universe of Quests and adventures with your very own CG Hero NFT ! Whether you own or rent, your Hero is your passport to an exhilarating journey through the metaverse. Get your hands on a Hero today! Choose to buy from the marketplaces below, or try out a rental. Equipment + 0 points + 0 points Elevate your Hero NFT with epic loot! Whether it's common , rare , epic , or legendary gear you seek, each piece amplifies your score and brings you closer to greater rewards. You can either purchase equipment or loot boxes from other players, or earn them through staking. Each loot box is guaranteed to contain one piece of equipment, which can be of any rarity. Armor 4 Boots 4 Helmet 4 Weapon 4 Bracers 4 Marketplace Badges + 0 points + 10 points Badges are a feature of your Hero NFT and serve as exclusive markers of your accomplishments. You can earn yours either by completing Quests or by opening a Discovery Box . You'll gain an additional 5 points for each Quest Badge, with the exception of the Genesis Badge that adds a bonus of 10 points. If you ever decide to sell or transfer your Hero, rest assured that your Badges will automatically transfer to the new owner's address. Genesis Badge Quest Badge #1 Embark on a Quest... Get the full scoop - check out our video below Level up and earn rewards 1,000 Heroes Cash prizes, NFTs, and $VIL coins Upgradeable NFTs Gamers, Assemble! Conquer Our Latest Quest and Prove Your Skills! Participate in the Active Quest Crypto-Guilds x Cards of Ethernity Time Period: 8/15/2023 - 9/15/2023 Location: Dark Fantasy World of Aether Platform: PC / Windows Cards of Ethernity is a high-quality collectible card game (CCG) set in the dark fantasy universe of Aether. Players use a variety of Adventurers, Creatures and Cards, each with their own unique mechanics, to craft powerful new strategies. To participate in the Crypto-Guilds x CoE quest, you must download and install the game and win at least 1 ranked game before 9/15/2023. View Website Stay tuned! Our next adventure goes live in October ...and Earn Rewards Simulate potential earnings and learn about the various rewards 💰 💰 💰 💰 💰 TOTAL PARTICIPANTS 750 TOTAL REWARDS POOL $ 15,000 HERO SCORE Adjust 134 MONTHLY REWARDS Annualize $26.80 Pool of Rewards Learn about the components that fuel the CG ecosystem What is the Pool of Rewards? Every month, CG NFT holders who have completed Quests can claim various rewards from the Quest Pool . This pool is enriched by contributions from sponsors, royalty fees , a specific percentage of $VIL coins, and additional game prizes. Game Rewards CG NFT Royalty Sponsors $VIL Coins 💲 $VIL Coins Powering your experience through the CG metaverse Buy on Uniswap Within the CG Meta Game ecosystem, $VIL operates as a meme coin, bringing a touch of humor and satire similar to other meme coins in the crypto world. Despite its lighthearted nature, $VIL plays a functional role, contributing to activities like crafting, leveling up, trading, and various burn mechanisms. Loot Boxes Loot Boxes can be earned by staking your $VIL. For each $VIL 10,000,000 you stake, you'll receive 1x Loot Box . Note that your staked $VIL will be locked for 50 days before becoming accessible again. Governance A DAO model will be implemented to let $VIL holders vote for several key features such as next quests, future $VIL rewards, etc. Burning $VIL Spend your treasured $VIL coins to unlock distinctive hero skins, elevating your character's visual appeal and uniqueness. Additionally, you can burn your $VIL to obtain other assets within the Crypto-Guilds ecosystem. Staking Gameplay Battle against villains to earn rewards in the CG Metaverse. Your active participation as a Hero grants you various in-game benefits and prizes. Rent a CG Hero No luck on the marketplace? Browse some of the free rentals below 🤝 🤝 🤝 🤝 🤝 Craft Your Own Meta Experience Forge a memorable experience your community will never forget Join 50+ Web3 gaming communities in the CG Meta Game. Don't miss out on this opportunity to elevate your gaming experience and connect with like-minded players. Reach out now - either on Discord or by scheduling a call - let's build something together! Join Discord Schedule Call Connecting Guilds and Gamers Guilds App Games App Legal Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Services © 2023 Crypto-Guilds Inc. All rights reserved. 