 Permissionless Prime Staking Bridge Borrowers Docs Launch App Lend intelligently. Borrow efficiently. The first decentralized credit marketplace. 430,951,667.76 loans originated. Clearpool Permissionless Markets Permissionless Ethereum View pools Average APR 9.81% Total Value Locked 28,162,701.91 Permissionless Polygon zkEVM View pools Average APR 8.07% Total Value Locked 120,406.62 Backed By Permissionless products Earn Crypto lending Earn compounding interest on every block by lending to vetted institutions. Dynamic risk-adjusted interest rates No lockup – withdraw anytime Autocompounding yield Learn more Participate. Secure. Earn. Staking Stake CPOOL to help secure Clearpool's interest rate mechanism. Stake CPOOL to a Clearpool Oracle pool Share your opinion on interest rate voting Earn a yield on your staked CPOOL Learn more Multichain Bridge Securely transfer CPOOL between Ethereum &amp; Polygon chains. Ethereum &amp; Polygon supported Single transaction operation Secure &amp; audited technology Learn more Transparent and secure Transparent Track and trace every in-and-out transaction. Protocol security Audited by industry leading security firms. Certik Pessimistic Read reports Borrowers Extensive network of KYC'd borrowers. Learn more PERMISSIONED LENDING Institutional grade DeFi KYC &amp; AML compliant access to the largest global network for wholesale borrowing and lending of digital assets. Try Clearpool Prime Featured By JOIN OUR COMMUNITY STAY CONNECTED Stay in the loop Products Permissionless Prime Staking CPOOL Bridge Company About Investors Borrowers Blog Roadmap Team Careers We're hiring! How it works For Borrowers For Lenders Protocol Staking Credit Risk Scoring Resources Media Pack FAQs Give feedback Audit Reports Bug Bounty Terms &amp; Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy Disclaimer — The information set out in this website is for illustration purpose only and does not constitute an offer to buy or sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any tokens in any jurisdictions, and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be prohibited, illegal or against the laws prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is given by Clearpool as to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the information and opinions set out in this website. You are recommended to seek independent legal and financial advice before taking any initiative in connection with the information herein. Clearpool 2023. All rights reserved. 