 Overview Vision Token Index Team Partnerships Roadmap Contact Us Launch app Community-driven Avalanche ecosystem accelerator powered by Colony’s CLY token. Governance Token Address Early-stage funding to Avalanche built projects Liquidity to existing Avalanche DeFi Protocols Purchases selected Avalanche Projects to Form an Index Investing in projects building on Avalanche with a Fund governed by its community. Colony’s vision is rethinking outmoded systems by imagining brand new ones in order to bring the structural integrity of traditional finance to DeFi, specifically the Avalanche ecosystem. Open Governance: Community at core Open Governance Vote for capital deployment across the Avalanche ecosystem: Liquidity providing, Early-stage Investments, Staking Program, Index. Staking Rewards Receive staking rewards from Avax and upcoming subnets. Liquidity provider rewards Earn CLY bought back by Colony, thanks to the Liquidity Provider Program profits on the Avalanche ecosystem. Multiple Airdrops Receive airdrops coming from Colony’s investments in the most promising projects building on Avalanche. Web3 Venture Capital, DAO Evolution Web3 Venture Capital, DAO Evolution Colony has set out to construct a properly incentivized foundation for the next generation of applications built on the Avalanche platform. Powered by a first of its kind funding mechanism, Colony imbues traditional venture capital with a spirit of Community through open governance, support and inclusion. Colony will implement a DAO structure over time to decentralize itself. Empowering the Avalanche Ecosystem In addition to ushering in promising projects, Colony will contribute to Avalanche protocols by providing capital to increase liquidity and secure networks by running nodes. On top of these features, Colony will maintain an Index dedicated to projects built on Avalanche. Supporting Avalanche ecosystem in Every Way Possible Validator program 10% of Colony’s capital will be deployed in AVAX that will be staked. Colony will also contribute to subnets validation if allowed. INDEX 10% of the capital will be deployed in CAI – Colony Avalanche Index. A benchmark index, composed of the native token (AVAX) and the most prominent projects in the ecosystem. Early investment / Private Placement 50% of Colony’s capital will be deployed to support the best teams and projects building on Avalanche, finance their growth and help them to develop efficiently. LP Program 30% of Colony’s capital will be deployed in providing liquidity to protocols built on Avalanche, thus participating actively in the Avalanche ecosystem. $CLY community will be able to change capital deployment principles Rewarding the community At the core of Colony is CLY, a unique hybrid token which is used for both DAO governance and liquid exposure to Colony’s value flow. We believe CLY represents a new type of asset, one that both empowers and controls. CLY’s ultimate goal is to align the incentives across pillars, creating a codified harmony between holders, the protocol and the assets contained within it. Airdrops Mechanism Early stage investments This feature is a world premiere, giving a great incentive to token holders, as they’re building a diversified portfolio on the Avalanche ecosystem by staking their Colony token. Buyback Mechanism Liquidity Provider Program This feature creates recurring buying pressure on CLY, while redistributing bought $CLY to the active community members. A team of veterans Elie LE REST Chief Executive Officer View more Aurélien Ynden Chief Operating Officer View more Wessal Er Chief Marketing Officer View more Grzegorz Łyskawa Chief Technology Officer View more Partnerships Roadmap Launch GROUND BUILDING Colony will release its Application features and grow its community worldwide. Colony will be closing its private and public sales in Q4. $CLY Private Sale $CLY First Public Sale Colony CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT Colony will start empowering selected projects building on Avalanche with first capital deployment according to the strategy. Early Token Investment Liquidity Provider CAI - Colony Avalanche Index AVAX and subnet Validators DAO INTEGRATION SUBNET SWITCH Colony will evolve towards a DAO model with its own subnet on Avalanche, building new incentive models for Colony Token holders. DAO Creation Avalanche DeFi Integration Node Creation Burning Mechanism: Deflationary Supply DAO EXPANSION AUTOMATED FINANCING Using its own subnet, the DAO will launch the development of its 2 pillars to sustain the long-term growth of Avalanche: Incubator integration (partnership with Avalaunch) Liquidity &amp; Capital expansion The Colony tokenomics will be strengthened with direct rewards linked to the ecosystem activity and to the embedded burning mechanism Submit your project to raise capital through Colony Submit information STAY TUNED FOR COLONY’S DEVELOPMENT Get notified Twitter Medium Telegram Use the contact form to get in touch Back Send message Back Elie LE REST Chief Executive Officer Partner and Co-founder at ExoAlpha, a Hedge Fund with systematic quantitative strategies; long-Short exposure to Bitcoin &amp; Ethereum. Elie structured several digital assets deals, advised security/utility token projects and private corporate blockchain projects. Past traditional finance experiences include Asset and Wealth Management in Paris, New-York, at UBS and Credit Agricole. Not only he's an early Digital Assets investor, since 2014, but he also built a crypto quantitative arbitrage trading algorithm in 2016. Master in Finance. Back Aurélien Ynden Chief Operating Officer Engineer with strong experiences in technical project management including data connected systems. Past experiences include giant companies Allianz and Valeo as clients, where he worked as Product Owner and Data WebApp Developer. Digital Assets investment since 2016, he did his fair share of ICOs and is now an active Defi participant especially in the Avalanche Ecosystem. Master in engineering. Back Wessal Er Chief Marketing Officer Past experience include Sourcing Development Manager in the nuclear field and led different Chief Marketing Officer positions in Fintech/ Cryptocurrency projects, setting the vision and strategy for the marketing function. Strong competencies in directing Market Research in accordance with the latest trends in the market and ensuring that marketing operations, branding, communications are unified and reflect the business tone of voice. Back Grzegorz Łyskawa Chief Technology Officer Software developer and system architect with over 10 years of experience. Proficient in full-stack development as well as various blockchain/smart contract and DeFi technologies, Grzegorz was Head of Blockchain Development in a software house, where he led a team of solidity developers and launched several successful projects in areas such as lending protocols, collateral insurance and optimised yield farming. Grzegorz actively participates in the DeFi ecosystem and strongly believes that the future will be decentralized. 