 Developers Network Ecosystem en 🇺🇸 Launch Studio en 🇺🇸 Developers Orchestrators Delegators Start building © Livepeer, Inc. 2023 The&nbsp; World's Open&nbsp; Video Infrastructure Livepeer is a video infrastructure network for live and on-demand streaming. Designed to give developers the freedom to innovate, creators autonomy from platforms, and viewers a choice in their experience. Documentation Join Discord LIVE Get Started What role will you play in the Livepeer network? Jump in by choosing the role that best describes your interest. Developers Explore guides and a variety of resources to help you get started adding live and on demand video experiences to your application using the Livepeer Network. /developers Orchestrators Run a livepeer node and transcode video on your GPUs in exchange for broadcasting fees and network rewards. /orchestrators Delegators Help secure and improve the network by delegating LPT with the most performant orchestrators and earn a cut of their broadcasting fees and network rewards in exchange. /delegators A 10-minute Primer Curious about how Livepeer works? Through storytelling, illustration, and data, the Livepeer Primer explains, at a high level, the problem Livepeer solves and how it works. Check it out The Livepeer Ecosystem A growing network of open video apps By combining Livepeer’s open video API with other emerging open protocols in social and onchain finance, developers are disrupting the way creators own and monetize their video content, enabling novel experiences in music, entertainment, shopping, gaming, and beyond. Bonfire Bonfire gives you the tools to start, grow, and manage communities. bonfire.xyz Beem Build your custom video streaming site and mobile app with no code. beem.xyz StreamETH StreamETH is an open video CMS for organizing virtual or hybrid events. streameth.org Lenstube A social platform for video sharing built with Livepeer and Lens. lenstube.xyz Orb A decentralized social media client built with Lens and Livepeer. orb.ac The Livepeer Community Join the Livepeer Community Livepeer is an open project that believes in open source code and creative contribution from people with diverse interests and skillsets. Join us. Join our&nbsp; Discord Server twitter.com/ livepeer Join our forum on&nbsp; Discourse medium.com/ livepeer-blog Stay Informed Subscribe to our newsletter and get updates from the Livepeer ecosystem straight to your Inbox. Email Subscribe contact@livepeer.org Ecosystem Showcase Protocol Explorer Livepeer Grants Developers Documentation Livepeer.js Open Source Software Bug Bounty Resources 10-minute Primer The Whitepaper Brand Assets Community Twitter Discord Chat Blog Forum Reddit Telegram About Livepeer.org About Jobs Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact contact@livepeer.org Copyright © 2023 Livepeer, Inc. 