 Memecoin Guide HOME TEAM Unlock your trading potential secure your key You can purchase a Discounted Vested Key directly from us, or a free-market Key from the Aspen Marketplace! Follow the respective links below for each option, and we will see you inside The Consortium! Secondary Market Discounted Vested Keys In order to verify your Key, you MUST purchase with royalties or pay them retroactively, for instructions to do so head to the FAQ in our Discord What is The Consortium Key? This Consortium Key provides access to a suite of custom tools, alerts, and resources designed to help maximize efficiency and convenience when trading - be it from home, or from mobile on the go! These features include custom-built trading bots, comprehensive alerts, market analysis, and a community of expert traders that help give you the edge to trade efficiently, effectively, and profitably. Holding a key unlocks access to: Smart Mobile Minting Bot Manual ERC20 Trading Bot Auto-Entry ERC20 Bot Curated Wallet Tracking/Alerts Aggregated Telegram Alerts Bot Daily &amp; Weekly Market Analysis Twitter Alerts Expert Trading Community Custom Trading Scripts Trading Script Alerts Mimas: Smart Minting Bot Mimas is Web3’s most convenient and user-friendly minting bot. Built right into our Discord server, Mimas is easy to configure, and boasts a multitude of powerful customization options. It automatically generates wallets, distributes funds, and mints for you - saving all the hassle of typical bot configuration. It is also the first natively mobile-friendly minting bot, operated right through the Discord app without ever leaving the server. These quality of life features make it easier and more accessible than ever to mint quickly, en masse, and across multiple wallets–all while remaining gas efficient. Phoebe: Manual ERC20 Trading Bot Phoebe is the ultimate tool for shitcoin trading. Built into our Discord server, Phoebe provides instant alerts for every new coin contract, trading-open, and every liquidity lock. These alerts provide you a comprehensive snapshot of all the relevant information necessary to make a buying decision, showing you if it's verified, locked, renounced, a honeypot, safe funding, and much much more - all at a single glance. You can then buy or sell the token right through Phoebe, even on your phone - in literally one click with our “Ape Mode” button. These features have been designed for speed, allowing users to see a new coin, assess its viability, and trade it–all through Phoebe. Trading through Phoebe is significantly faster than using Metamask, ultimately giving you a massive advantage over other traders and allowing you to get the most optimal entries possible. Pan: Auto-Entry ERC20 Trading Bot "Pan" is a brand new type of bot we have invented and called an auto-entry trading bot. It is optimized to monitor, filter, and purchase newly launched tokens automatically based on user criteria, helping ensure you never miss a 100x coin again. Pan operates on a set of user-defined filters whereby individuals can define the conditions they require a token to meet before it is automatically purchased for them. Pan is extremely different than a standard token sniper, which automatically purchase many/most tokens in their first block of liquidity - this is wildly inaccurate and leaves very little control for the user to help increase their hit rate. Pan doesn't suffer from this problem, because every piece of Pan is fully customizable. You could have Pan ape at trading open, or you could even have it wait to lock liquidity for a certain duration, or from a certain lock provider. You can customize required amount of purchases, sales, taxes, verification status, and much much more. curated Wallet Tracking/Alerts We curate a database of hundreds of traders wallets, including their alternative wallets, then filter their on-chain activity into a curated and comprehensive NFT alerts system separated by transaction types. This wallet list is curated to be a robust selection of the most plugged-in Web3 traders and individuals. To ensure you are only seeing the most useful wallet transactions, The Consortium Key uses custom notification systems to filter out the noise. Our alerts show what people are doing on-chain before they even share it with their peers - giving you an edge by staying one step ahead. These alerts are snapshots of all relevant information needed to assess viability for purchasing. Pairing these alerts with the tools also built into our Discord server, allows users to take action in a split-second, even minting in just a few clicks right from an alert. Aggregated Telegram Alerts Bot We have worked to aggregate Telegram callers activity into a comprehensive Discord-based alerts system. Whenever a tracked coin ‘caller’ calls something, we get instantly notified within the Discord server, along with receiving all of the relevant info about the coin in that moment, including the market cap, volume, how many other times TG channels have called it, and much more. Users can also instantly purchase the token right from one of those alerts, in literally one click. We also provide a ‘trending’ token alert when coins are called across multiple Telegram channels, allowing you to quickly assess the popularity of a token. Users can also prompt one of these alerts for any token, allowing them to manually see how many times something has been called, when, by whom, and much more. Again also allowing you to trade right from those alerts too. Daily &amp; Weekly Market Analysis The Consortium Key serves as a hub which connects experts in their fields together. These experts provide their professional analysis on a variety of market topics, including NFTs, cryptocurrency, stocks, micro and macro economic conditions, and much more. This exclusive analysis is then delivered to Key holders in easy-to-read daily and weekly reports, serving as an effective way to stay intelligently plugged in across all sectors of web3 at all times. twitter Alerts One of the best ways to find projects early is to keep track of influential and smart Twitter accounts. The Consortium Key team has built a script that monitors Twitter accounts and notifies every time they follow a new project. This tool is very useful to track and get on the “allowlist” early since most projects give out “early” roles. This tool also acts as an effective way to see which accounts are getting followed by multiple influencers. We also curate a custom feed of organized Twitter posts right within the server. We have split sections for Crypto/Shitcoins, DeFi, Airdrops, and more! This filters out much of the noise from individuals on Twitter, and allows users to have a clean comprehensive information feed without ever leaving our server. Expert Trading Community Connect with likeminded traders in our Discord server. Our highly active Alpha Community is passionate about finding the best trades, sharing information and resources, and enjoying camaraderie with each other. Our community has some of the best trading minds in web3, with a long track record of finding excellent alpha and executing profitable trades. Custom Trading Scripts All Key Holders have immediate access to a suite of highly advanced custom trading scripts that are compatible with any Trading View chart, crypto or otherwise. Consortium’s custom scripts are designed and backtested to provide high accuracy, painting divergences and using confluences across different indicators before sending a buy or sell signal; helping ensure you get the best entries possible. Within the Consortium, Key Holders also have access to the Leverage Lounge, a berth of resources and expert trading analysis to help interpret these signals and master trading, whether you are just starting to learn or are already experienced. Comparable scripts cost many thousands of dollars a year elsewhere, and ours are designed to be the most advanced and intuitive possible. Trading Script Alerts Consortium's custom trading scripts have also been adapted into a comprehensive alert system, housed right within our Discord Server, making it easier than ever to catch potential trades. Without needing to do any configuration, Key Holders can receive potential buy and sell signals right within our server, in accordance with our trading scripts signals. These alerts are designed to provide relevant info about the signal in the alert to help assess the viability of taking the trade. This includes important details like the trend direction, BBWP, momentum, and more! These alerts help keep you informed and profiting without needing to stay glued to any charts throughout the day. Join the community here's what key holders are saying: @Wagmongi I’d like to introduce you to Consortium Key Discord where we are absolutely crushing this bear market. Big names in here utilizing the custom tools built for professional degening! @OxLungin.eth Everyone is stuck on NFTs while @ConsortiumKey is making gen wealth on coins @Name__Number The @ConsortiumKey Discord server has awesome bots for shitcoins and NFTs, thorough news feeds, and great analysis. Desktop and mobile, the bots work the same @NotifyAlpha In this bear @ConsortiumKey has been a money printer. In a bull market it will become literally a gold mine. @AlexBurrell When you realize the holders of @ConsortiumKey got the liq locked alert about $SER at $2,755 market cap… That’s a 2,400X during a bear market. @Sum0x1 @ConsortiumKey is undervalued af and Phoebe is the best fucking discord tool I’ve used unlock your potential and buy a key today 