 CORGI USD Corgidoge real estate payment! Airdrop and referral program 1,000,000,000,000CORGI ($1.000.000 soft cap) for airdrop and referral program. The rule is so simple, you get 100,000 CORGI instantly when join us and get CORGI with 4 levels when you refer your friend. You can earn big CORGI. Register reward 100,000 Referral reward 4 LEVEL Total reward 1,000B 1 level&nbsp; (5,000) : 0 &nbsp; 2 level&nbsp; (3,000) : 0 &nbsp; 3 level&nbsp; (2,000) : 0 &nbsp; 4 level&nbsp; (1,000) : 0 &nbsp; Total : 0 &nbsp; Claimed - Connect wallet Add to Metamask Withdraw Old Contract Corgidoge&nbsp;Ecosystem CORGI cryptocurrency CORGI currency uses blockchain to transfer the value and benefits of cryptocurrency holders. Unlock the potential of blockchain technology with CORGI currency, facilitating secure and transparent transfers of cryptocurrency benefits. If you're interested in exploring the intricacies of blockchain or need academic guidance on the topic, you can refer to resources like https://www.essayhave.com/research-paper-writing-service.html for expert research paper services. CorgiS - exchange CorgiS cryptocurrency exchange allows trading and storing cryptocurrencies. In addition, it also pays profits to investors holding CORGI cryptocurrency. CorgiR - real estate investment application CorgiR Real Estate Investment application allows people to invest in real estate worldwide by paying with CORGI cryptocurrency. In addition to profiting from real estate, investors also benefit from the growth price of CORGI in the cryptocurrency market. E-commerce platform CorgiE CorgiE eCommerce platform allows anyone to buy/sell decentralized goods and pay with CORGI cryptocurrency, address the current inadequacies of currency exchange rate differences between countries. Corgidoge Our vision is to build an ecological system around Corgidoge including spaces, working communities, real estate investment applications, eCommerce platforms, cryptocurrency exchanges that are suitable for everyone. This system will encourage the acceptance and utilization of CORGI cryptocurrency to help promote demand and create value for sustainable development in the future. A real estate investment application, eCommerce platform, the cryptocurrency exchange is designed to maximize the benefits of CORGI coin. The long-term develop- ment-oriented CORGI will become one of the used coins widely and replace existing coins. WHITEPAPER CONTRACT EXPLORER Corgidoge Roadmap Q2 2021 Launch of Corgidoge on Binance Smart Chain Airdrop &amp; Swap on pancakeswap/bakeryswap IEO Round 1 Q3 2021 Release stake pool and reward for staking Corgi is be listed crypto exchanges Launch of official website and mobile wallet Q1 2022 Launching CorgiS, Corgi Wallet 1.0 Release (iOS &amp; Android) Release CorgiS pool and reward for staking Release charity funds. There is a large amount of reward remaining, the leftover will be burned Q3 2022 Launch of CorgiR Introduction of Corgi Governance Power (GP) There is a large amount of reward remaining, the leftover will be burned Q4 2022 Launch of CorgiE Introduction of Corgi Fast Transactions Layer and Governance Features(E.g.Voting) Global Adoption 2023 Launch of CorgiE Introduction of Corgi Fast Transactions Layer and Governance Features (E.g.Voting) Global adoption Find us on Corgidoge exchanges Disclaimer Materials presented on this website are not final technical specification. The project presented herein is in its initial, conceptual phase and can be modified, changed or even abandoned (e.g.,&nbsp;due to economical, technological or regulatory reasons) and nothing on this website shall be considered as a final and binding description or view of the project, or any of its parts or components, or with regards to its execution. This website does not constitute financial advice. Information and materials on this website are not to be considered as investment advice. The cryptocurrency market is highly volatile. You should carefully consider whether cryptocurrency is right for you considering your circumstances and financial resources. By following information and materials on the website, you acknowledge that you have not sought investment advice from the author(s), or any parties formally connected to the author(s), as said author(s) and parties may not provide such advice. You are not expected, or offered, to invest, buy, or perform any related financial activities in any shape or form based on any information on this website, and you acknowledge that any such actions are solely of your personal responsibility JOIN US ON 2021 © Corgidoge All rights reserved. Privacy policy contact@corgidoge.com Tweet to @corgidogec WalletConnect Scan with WalletConnect to connect 