HomeAboutTokenLeaderboardRV LeagueGlossary of TermsSign inCopyright © 2023Become Legendary.Covey Training Club is a competitive investment community created to find and reward the world's best analysts. Members use free mock portfolios to track and credentialize their performance risk-free.Proven performers (Top 1%) earn Legend status and a coveted spot on Covey Legends co-trading app.How do you rank? Join now.or Sign InCompete with the best. Become the best.We believe that together we can beat the market.Our growing community is larger than any hedge fund.0 active analysts. Earning 0 in CVY rewards to date.Ready to level up? Step 1Connect your MetaMask Wallet.Build an immutable track record to credentialize your performance and own your own idea data. All trades are posted to Polygon. Your browser does not support the video tag. Step 2 Build your free, mock portfolio in minutes.Seamless onboarding and trading interface.Trade equities, ETF's, and Crypto.All virtual. Zero risk. Zero fees. Step 3Share, compete, and optimize your strategies.Get real-time market views and ranks on the leaderboard. Learn and level up your own investment strategies. Step 4Engage and Earn.Joining and creating a portfolio = rewards.Sharing with your community = rewards.Top-performing portfolios = rewards.Learn more about CVY Tokens Step 5Rise to the top. Become a legend on Covey's co-trading app.Earn short and long-term financial rewards.Solidify your credibility and reputation as a top-tier analyst.Become a Legend on Covey's new co-trading app.Join NowFAQsDo I need to fund the account with real money?No.Are these real financial trades?No - Covey uses real-time market data so you can see the impact of your strategies, but there is no money deposited when making a portfolio.Is Covey for me?Covey is a community of the best investment analysts. Analysts can optimize and test out their strategies in a risk-free environment. Non-analysts can follow and invest alongside them.How do I earn rewards?Creating a portfolio, making trades, sharing your progress, and/or being a top performer.What is the value of the rewards (Tokens)?Stake in the future of the Covey Community, help identify top performers, and dictate community governance......Covey Training Club x Real VisionRV League is now live.Introducing the first ever team-based investment league.How to join©2023 Covey. All rights reserved. We use cookies to collect anonymous site visitation data to improve the performance of our website. For more info read our Privacy NoticeAllowDecline