 The Sapien Network private beta is live for existing users, passport holders and select DAOs! The Sapien Network private beta is live for existing users, passport holders and select DAOs! Contribute to DAO Home Purple Paper Sapien Nation For DAOs Roadmap News Open main menu Founding the Sapien Nation The Sapien Nation is a Network State &amp; Republic of DAOs, built by and for: Leaders. Sensemakers. Advocates. Creators. You. 16 + Founding DAOs 16,666 + Citizens $ 56,665 + Total Assets Our mission is to build the infraculture to unite &amp; empower DAOs. A Digital Parliament Collaborate in committees From nation-building to technology, find your tribe of changemakers in the Sapien Nation. Submit proposals Participate in community discussions and lead initiatives that resonate with you. Have your project invested in Rally the Sapien Nation to get behind your proposals and fund your dream projects. Sapien Network A Social Network of DAOs, powered by an NFT Passport. Onboard Easily Everyone gets an automagical Web3 wallet. No prior crypto experience needed. Find Your Tribes Join or create a new community. When you're ready, upgrade it to a DAO. Issue Badges ( SBTs ) DAOs can create badges, tokens that build on-chain reputation and grant permissions. Gate Rooms &amp; Channels Badges can gate chat rooms or empower contributors for channel posts. Govern Autonomously Badges can gate voting on Snapshot or can be issued based on the results of poll. Scale Your Impact DAOs can leverage badges from other DAOs, enabling powerful network effects. Contribute to DAO Launch dApp Become a Founding Member of the Sapien Nation today. Learn more on the Sapien Wiki Copyright © 2023 Sapien DAO. All rights reserved The information on this website is for informational purposes only. Sapien does not guarantee the timeliness or completeness of the information contained on this website and the information contained within this website is subject to change without notice. This website may contain forward looking statements regarding Sapien’s intent or current business expectations and business model which are subject to revision, and Sapien does not undertake any obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward looking statements. Any and all information contained herein does not constitute any purchase or other advice, does not constitute an offer to purchase or sell, nor does it constitute a promotion or recommendation of any token or cryptocurrency or any other type of product At Sapien, we value your privacy. This Sapien website and other related Sapien products that can be accessed through this website use cookies. Cookies are used to manage your login session, improve user experience, and to provide analytics on the use of our website and related products. You can control and/or delete cookies if you wish. Please refer to Sapien’s cookie policy for more information. Accept Dismiss 