 Open main menu Together, we will build an amazing community, develop toys, comic books &amp; more. 1 2 3 4 About Crazy Frens NFT 6000 Awesome NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain . You're Going to Love This Collection . Comic Book There is Going to Be a Comic Book about crazy Frens and When You Read this Book, they will Become a Part of You! Toys Put Crazy frens Toys On Your Desk and Amp Up Your Work Environment or Put Them in Your Bedroom for a More Exciting Space! Play To Earn We are Developing a Play to earn Game! Everyone Can Play This Game On Their Phone or PC. Holders will receive exclusive benefits &amp; perks in the game Story Billie and Jackie Are Two Close Friends, They Live On the Mars in a City Named Dogtropolis. During One of His Adventures, Billy Was Searching for a Sexual Partner. He Found a Chick on One of the Interplanetary Chatrooms and Decided to Pay a Visit to Earth and Meet Her. Earth Has Changed a lot! Its Filled with Flying Cars, Nature Is Completely Destroyed and Humans Live with AI Kits Implanted into Their Brains. Love and Affection Are Decimated, And So They Are Faced with A Reality That Changes Their Goal. Billie He Is an Anarchist and Doesn’t Live by Any Codes at All. He Was the First Dog to Set Foot On Mars in 2045. He Loves Pretty Girls and His Sause Collection. He Is a Diversity Seeking, Gluttonous Dog and has a Talent for Shooting. from His Friends Point of View, Billie Is Dumb, Horny and Unpredictable. Jackie Jackie Traveled to Mars in 2050 and met Billie in Dogtropolis. Jackie Is Extremely Sharp and Logical. He Is a Talented Strategist and Analyses Everything. He Loves Gun Collections, But Never Used One Before. Jackie Has a Kind Heart (Which Sometime Overcomes His Logic!). from His Friends Point of View, Jackie is a Long-Eared, Talkative Dog. Our Team Members See All Pouyan founder Medos Generator uncle B community manager About Project &amp; Road Map Crazy frens collection of 6,000 designed &amp; randomly generated NFTs on the Ethereum Blockchain . Crazy frens holders will have access and opportunities to participate in exclusive events, such as: giveaways, bonus NFT claims &amp; more.. The best is yet to come, check out our roadmap below. Crazy pups crazy pup NFTs will be free for all holders (just pay gas). Holders will be able to mint one per Crazy frens owned. Digital Marketplace for Crypto Collectiobles and non-fungible Tokens NFTs! The team will also work on a partnership with several metaverse developers and platforms to bring these pups into the metaverse. Loot Box We will create a snapshot and allow all holders to claim one or more loot boxes filled with ETH prizes, discount deals, whitelist spots for other projects &amp; NFTs. PLAY TO EARN GAME We will develop a play to earn game as an additional utility for all holders. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY As an owner of a crazy frens NFT, you own the IP of the art. You may use the image as you wish, as long as you own that particular NFT. Use of the image for profit ceases upon sale of the NFT. We grant all holders full commercial rights to their NFT and the art. 