 The Team Buys Buy Staking Documentation Tokenomics Roadmap Gitbook Whitepaper Mission NFTs Alien Apes Redsea Watch the trailer launch P2E THE COLONIZATION OF PLANET MARS HAS BEGUN! X Cam Director of Strategic Partnerships - “Cam” has a background in sales, marketing and Business Development. Cam currently works within institutional companies on employee training and progression. Ian Cawrey Ian Cawrey is a well-known developer within the Space, acting as a consultant for many startups and mature projects. Ian brings a wealth of experience in Blockchain Technology and a wide range of connections, stemming from continued relationships within the space Mark Community Manager - An experienced crypto veteran since 2018 and the core team of 2 other projects. Mark's roles include business development, marketing and community management. Marks passion for Web3 innovation adds an extra element of strength across the team as he continues to build, create and develop the culture around Crolon Mars. James Tieu Chief Technical Officer - Communications and content expert, with over 17 years' experience in the Telecommunications sector. James provides technical support, NFT &amp; website development. 20 years experience as a music producer and DJ. Julius Lantican Media Manager - Julius aka Orange Caesar is currently a Critical Care Nurse so his personal relations &amp; interaction skills are second to none. Orange is a powerhouse when it comes to team work and his ability to think outside the box adds that extra dynamic to the team. Pedro Espirito Santo Project Manager - Pedro has extensive experience in the retail industry and is well-versed in creating efficient processes, reducing costs, increasing profits, managing operations, people development and developing successful marketing and merchandising strategies. Sarah Marie USA Ambassador - Sarah Marie is an NFT advertisement creator, and advocate speaker for Web3, the Meta Verse, Vr and the future of crypto. She resides in Los Angeles, CA where she is also an actress, dancer and singer. 