 Help How To Play Support Blog NFTs NFTs About Breeding Markets Exchange Shop Exchange Assets About Supply CBX Token Whitepaper Supply CBX Mining Blog Dashboard Wallet Play Now Play Now Play Now Play Now Hello, Friend! Login Hello, ... Profile History Logout Help How To Play Support Blog NFTs NFTs About Breeding Markets Exchange Shop Exchange Assets About Supply CBX Token Whitepaper CBX Supply CBX Mining Blog Dashboard Wallet My Profile Profile History Logout Hello, Friend! Login Play &amp; Grow a Crypto Farm Own Fungible Assets, trade with farmers in an open market, and strategize to grow your portfolio. It’s Time to Get Paid-To-Play The world’s first game where you get paid to play! Try it now! Spin the wheel and Win Big! With Spin to Win, you get one free spin every day! Buy more spins to win assured rewards. Trusted by happy Crypto Farmers worldwide. Downloads #01 Crypto Experience Asset Value CBX in Circulation Featured In Backed By Sandeep Nailwal Co-Founder - Polygon <!-- Ling Zhang Founding Partner - Old Fashion Research --> Eric Su Founder - Exnetwork Capital Tamar Menteshashvili Ecosystem Growth - Solana Kyle Chasse Founder - Master Ventures Kenzi Wang Co-founder - AU21 Capital Nischal Shetty Founder &amp; CEO - Wazirx What's New? A round up of the latest news and releases. Asset Mining Learn More &gt; Roadmap Learn More &gt; Army Learn More &gt; <!-- CropBytes soon to launch the much-awaited CBX token sale Learn More > --> <!-- Trading Simulators and Games for Bitcoin Traders Learn More > --> <!-- Crypto Farming Just Got Better! Learn More > --> <!-- GFTB: CropBytes With CEO Sandeep Kumar Learn More > --> The Game Experience Get rewards in crypto as you play and build your skills Farming Business Learn how to use assets to grow your farm into a successful business. How to Play Mine $CBX Build your farm, contribute to the ecosystem and get CBX tokens. Visit Exchange View trade center A Balanced Economy CropBytes is leading the crypto gaming revolution with a beautifully crafted game economy. Use the power of crypto to play and earn in the virtual world. Get assets and start farming Grow crops to make food Feed animals and collect extracts Collect utilities to use and sell Convert extracts to CBX Trade assets and collectibles Generate returns in crypto Our Highlights Over the last 4 years we have built one of the most immersive gaming experiences. Here are some key features. Your browser does not support the video tag. Balanced Economy Real Ownership Open Market Trade Utility Based NFTs Metaverse of Games Leaders in Crypto Gaming What's New? A round up of the latest news and releases. Asset Mining Learn More &gt; Roadmap Learn More &gt; Army Learn More &gt; Talk of the Town! It's a fun game that earned me a lot of money and gonna earn me a lot more in the future. It has changed my life! Jimmy De Cleen Farming since 2018 CropBytes has given me a platform to not rely on jobs anymore. I can survive in India with my CB farm. So I guess it has relieved me from a lot of stress of being jobless with 5 kids. :) Arsalan Shaikh Farming since 2020 I have made more friends than I can truly call family now, and I have learned more about crypto than I ever thought I would know. All while playing a farming game!!! Much love to the devs as well for creating a great game, Can't wait to see what the future holds. Richard Braaten Farming since 2020 It is valuable to me because I was born with a family of farmers and I know the hard work and dedication of a farmer. I want to experience being a farmer but now in the digital world. Tristan Roy Farming since 2021 It gave me an investment opportunity and also the chance to meet awesome people at my CB Army, Cryptic Menaces. Aldo Paz Farming since 2021 The Dream Team Meet our awesome team members! Sandeep Kumar CEO Sheryl Varghese CMO Pradeep Kumar Game Dev Advisor Siddharth Menon Co-founder &amp; COO - Wazirx Advisor Eric Su Founder - Exnetwork Capital Advisor Vaibhav Chhabra Founder - Maker's Asylum Let's Get Social! Need Help ? Contact Support Get in touch. support@cropbytes.com Game Play Trade Assets NFTs How to Play Referral Package CBX Token Mining Supply Unlock Program Whitepaper About Partnerships Career Blog Support FAQ Community Contact Us Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Offer Terms Fee © 2023 CropBytes. All rights reserved. 