 Buy Crypto Spend Crypto NFT Learn News Download App English DEFI WALLET Your Keys,Your Crypto. A non-custodial wallet that gives you access to a full suite of DeFi services in one place. Earn Earn rebates on 25+ tokens, including CRO, VVS, TONIC, ATOM, and a host of stablecoins.Enjoy great returns with flexible terms. Browse DApps Explore the most popular DApps seamlessly from within the App.Seamlessly connect with, swap, farm, and mine on the hottest DeFi protocols. Deposit NFTs Easily view your NFTs, share them on social media, and learn all about their rarity traitsNFTs in multiple formats across various blockchains are supported Swap Swap 1000+ tokens across multiple chains, including Ethereum, Cronos, Cosmos and more.Migrate assets between different chains and Cronos with the in-app bridging feature. Store Gain full control over your crypto and your keys.Easily manage 1000+ tokens across 30+ blockchains, including Cronos, Crypto.org Chain, and Ethereum.Import your existing wallet seamlessly with a 12/18/24-word recovery phrase. Send Send crypto at your preferred confirmation speed and network fee.Our ETH Gas Meter gives you real-time updates on gas fees and transaction speeds. Wallet Extension Seamlessly connect your DeFi Wallet App to a desktop browser. Send and receive crypto, view balances, and easily confirm DApp transactions. All this without having to switch devices. Download Wallet Extension DeFi Desktop Wallet Restore your DeFi Wallet with a 12-words recovery phrase.Access advanced features, like governance, and more.Manage Ledger assets on Desktop easily. Download DeFi Desktop Wallet SECURITY Security is ourtop priority. Your private keys are encrypted locally on your device with Secure Enclave, protected by Biometric and 2-Factor Authentication. Learn More About Security Your private keys, now and forever. Download DeFi Wallet App We respect your privacy, and we are committed to protecting your personal data. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before providing any information about you or any other person. Frequent Asked Questions What’s different between the Crypto.com App and DeFi Wallet? How do I import or recover my wallet? Get started with crypto Or Scan to Download Features Buy and Sell Crypto Earn Crypto.com Pay Pay for Business Margin Trading Derivatives Trading Supercharger Trading Arena Learn University Research &amp; Analysis What is Bitcoin? What is Ethereum? What is Blockchain? How to buy Bitcoin? How to buy Ethereum? How to buy Crypto? What is Crypto? What is DeFi? Prices Crypto Prices Bitcoin Price Ethereum Price Site Widgets News What's Trending Market Updates Product News Company News Events Company About Us Partners Security Proof of Reserves Tax Climate Capital Affiliate Careers Complaints Policy Support Features Buy and Sell Crypto Earn Crypto.com Pay Pay for Business Margin Trading Derivatives Trading Supercharger Trading Arena Prices Crypto Prices Bitcoin Price Ethereum Price Site Widgets News What's Trending Market Updates Product News Company News Events Learn University Research &amp; Analysis What is Bitcoin? What is Ethereum? What is Blockchain? How to buy Bitcoin? How to buy Ethereum? How to buy Crypto? What is Crypto? What is DeFi? Company About Us Partners Security Proof of Reserves Tax Climate Capital Affiliate Careers Complaints Policy Support Get started with crypto Or Scan to Download Products Features Learn Prices News Company Get started with crypto Or Scan to Download The purpose of this website is solely to display information regarding the products and services available on the Crypto.com App. It is not intended to offer access to any of such products and services. You may obtain access to such products and services on the Crypto.com App. Please note that the availability of the products and services on the Crypto.com App is subject to jurisdictional limitations. Crypto.com may not offer certain products, features and/or services on the Crypto.com App in certain jurisdictions due to potential or actual regulatory restrictions. Foris DAX MT Limited, a company incorporated in Malta with Company number (C88392) trading under the name “Crypto.com” via the Crypto.com app is licensed as a Class 3 Virtual Financial Assets Service Provider by the Malta Financial Services Authority. Foris DAX MT Limited is authorised to provide the following VFA services: 1. execution of orders on behalf of other persons; 2. dealing on own account; and 3. custodian or nominee services to experienced and non-experienced investors. Any other product or service offered in the Crypto.com App and advertised on this website is provided by other group companies and does not fall within the Foris DAX MT Limited regulated services. Email: contact@crypto.com | Office: Level 7, Spinola Park, Triq Mikiel Ang Borg, St Julians SPK 1000 Malta. Copyright © 2018 - 2023 Crypto.com. All rights reserved. Privacy Notice Status 