 The Project FAQ ROY Token News Community Ecosystem Wiki Skins Collection Marketplace Activity Wars More &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wallet Emotes Transactions Settings Play Now Training Ranked Lowstakes Bullet Grid BETA! Tournament Skin Collection Emote Collection Skin Marketplace Skin Activity Skin Wars ROY Token FAQ Wiki News Wallet Settings Transactions Play Training Play Ranked Play Lowstakes Play Highstakes Play Tournaments Crypto Royale Welcome to the future of free-to-play crypto. No investment. No downloads. No sign-ups. Just Play... and earn! Play Now Training Ranked Bullet NEW! 45,554,549 Games Played Our Battle Royale game is completely free to play, requires no sign-up, and runs entirely in your browser. Games last 30 seconds and you can withdraw and sell your ROY tokens immediately. No catch! Last one alive wins! Boxes provide health and change your color. Collision Rules wins against wins against wins against The darkness kills But sometimes it is still your best option. Winner steals 50% of the loser's health. &lt;25HP is critical No more boost, and you become an easy target! Controls Aim with the mouse to move, left-click or tab to boost (-25% health). Choose Your Arena You can start playing right away. No download or upfront Investment required. TRAINING Practice against Bots. Earn reduced rewards. Play now RANKED Fight for prizes, ratings, achievements &amp; more. Play now STAKED Buy in and compete. Earn higher payouts. Play now Pick Your Skin You can also earn passive income by buying skins. Play as your favorite skin to help your clan win and earn more ROY. Today's Top Skins #2 Fox777 224 ROY per skin* #1 Shades 72 ROY per skin* #3 Dog 55 ROY per skin* If you want to see all the results or learn more about Skin Wars, check out our dedicated Skin Wars Section. Go to skin wars *Example returns. Actual returns based on today's performance of that skin. Join our Community! If you want to learn more about our community and participate, feel free to join our Community on Discord. Join Discord (75K+ members) Skin Wars Marketplace ROY FAQ Community About Crypto Royale Crypto Royale is a browser-based Battle Royale, where players compete for fame, glory and a little profit. The project launched in 2021 and is growing rapidly. It currently has a community of more than 70,000 players. Copyright © 2023 by Crypto Royale. All rights reserved 