 HOME PRIMORDIALS LEGACY EN 简体中文 繁體中文 ​ Tournament Prize Pool 16.2049 PRIMORDIALS The exodus of Crabs to the new realm has awakened ancient powers that were nested deep within the heart of the earth. As the draw of these elemental powers radiate from the new realm, the Primordial Crabs lying dormant have emerged to reclaim their dominance over the elements. LEARN MORE Follow us to get the latest updates and rewards. Battle, Mutate and Unleash CryptantCrab is a Crypto game developed by award winning game developer Appxplore (iCandy) that goes beyond just a collection game. As a spinoff from the highly successful Crab War, it takes a giant leap towards the future of Crypto gaming! The concept of this crypto sport is inspired by the popular traditional ‘Betta Fish Fight’, a hobby that originates from Southeast Asia and is even recognized by the King of Thailand. Just as each fighting fish has their own unique combination of colours, patterns and fins, CryptantCrabs have their own unique markings, parts and elements that reimagine the concept of the fighting fish. Train, mutate or challenge the multitude of Crabs and watch as you gain the appreciation of other CryptantCrab Challengers from across the world. Your one-of-a-kind CryptantCrab will have a chance to go down in history as a sought-after legend that turns your time spent on it into an investment of irreplaceable value. Turn The Elemental Tide Each Crab hatched in this world of untamed elements infuses them with powers beyond imagination. Be it Water, Spirit, Fire, Metal or Earth, crab body parts are each empowered by an element of their own. Participate in intense elemental clashes and mutate elemental combinations in your Crabs to turn the tide of battle in your favour. Battle for Glory Take on other Crabs with claw to claw combat and gain recognition in each successive victory. Scale the ladder to greatness as you unleash your Crab’s potential on the battlefield and crush the competition. With the spoils of battle as your prize and glory as your catalyst, the destiny of your Crab’s greatness is in your hands. Grow Beyond Collection The growth of your CryptantCrab is all tied to your decentralized Crab on the blockchain. This means that all the battle experience, mutations and legendary parts invested into your CryptantCrab follow it wherever it goes. This opens up a host of opportunities for additional integrations and multiplayer aspects that would not diminish or manipulate your CryptantCrab. All aspects of growth are well recorded and will allow you to increase the strength of your CryptantCrab and in turn its value. Will your Crab reach the apex of its growth and go down in history as that legendary CryptantCrab? It all starts here! Appxplore (iCandy) Ltd. All Rights Reserved. About Us Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Contact us Follow us on 