 Phishing warning: please make sure you're visiting https://cryptoswapdex.com - check the URL carefully. Trade Exchange Liquidity Earn Farms Pools Info Docs , العربية বাংলা English Deutsch Ελληνικά Español Suomalainen Filipino Français हिंदी Magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Polski Português (Brazil) Português Română Русский Svenska தமிழ் Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 简体中文 繁體中文 Connect Wallet CryptoSwap Brought to you by Crypto Development Services Trade and earn safely with CryptoSwap. Connect Wallet Trade Now Top Pools CryptoSwap CryptoSwap is a fast-growing, decentralized platform. And those users are now entrusting the platform with over $11,152 in funds. Will you join them? 200 users in the last 30 days 880 trades made in the last 30 days $11,152 staked Total Value Locked Trade anything. No registration, no hassle. Trade any token on BNB Smart Chain in seconds, just by connecting your wallet. Trade Now Learn Earn passive income with crypto. CryptoSwap helps you help your CST. Explore Learn CST makes the world go round. The CST token is the heart of the CryptoSwap ecosystem. Buy it, farm it, spend it and stake it! Buy CST Learn Total supply Burned to date Market cap Current emissions 0.001/block CDS makes the world go round. What is Crypto Development Services (CDS)? Crypto Development Services (CDS) is a token created by a small bunch of developers that has currently issued on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC) Network, the Polygon (MATIC) Network &amp; the Avalanche (AVAX) network. Crypto Development is a coin to help monetize developers work by choosing to receive CDS as a payment option Buy CDS Learn Total supply 10,000,000.00000000 Circulating supply 22,521 Burned to date 4.00000000 Market cap $40,867.31 Start in seconds. Connect your crypto wallet to start using the CryptoSwap dApp in seconds. No registration needed. Learn how to start Connect Wallet Still have questions? Then send us an email support@cryptodevservices.com About Contact Merch Community CST token Help Customer Support Troubleshooting Guides Developers Github Documentation Listing Information English EN العربية বাংলা English Deutsch Ελληνικά Español Suomalainen Filipino Français हिंदी Magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Polski Português (Brazil) Português Română Русский Svenska தமிழ் Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 简体中文 繁體中文 Buy CST Buy CDS 