 Play Animal Market Boss Market My Animals Skills Help What is CryptoServal? CryptoServal is a game based on smart contracts running on the Ethereum blockchain, centered around breedable, collectible, and fighting creatures we call CryptoServals! Each animal is unique and owned by you. It cannot be replicated, taken away, or destroyed. Go to Marketplace Animal Categories Regular Buy These Play-To-Earn animals can be bought only from other players at the Animal Marketplace Team Up Team of up to 3 animals can be used to defeat powerful bosses and earn rewards Early Access We are prototyping a completely new version of the game. These tokens will be the early access tickets to whatever comes next Alpha Limited A collection of 100 one-of-a-kind historical NFTs Rewards Alphas yield passive rewards for the owner and act as bosses in the P2E game Privilege Each owner of Alpha gains access to the Alpha Club - affect the direction where the game is headed and gain special privileges on Discord Buy You can either unlock one of the remaining Alphas on Alpha Marketplace or buy it from other players on OpenSea Buy &amp; Sell wild animals from all around the world! Form a team of up to three animals, level them up, improve your strategy and defeat powerful bosses. Each boss can spawn a new offspring and earn you rewards! Play Now Tactical &amp; Fun gameplay! Choose Skills Each animal you bring on the team brings something to the battle - some animals are really strong against specific foes, while others are fast or can hide from danger. Make a team Make a team of animals which work together well, keep them grouped and you will increase your chance to defeat any boss in the team’s proximity! You can roam with your animals freely across the globe. Prepare for the Boss Just be sure you can reach your desired boss in time! Bosses periodically spawn in their homeland and can be attacked limited amount of times with a team of 3 animals. CryptoServal Leaderboard TOP ALPHA ANIMALS OWNER Proof 10 0x5875bC01647F884Ad92BBbAF6A6e74EfDa0E9563 4 RobertSnow 2 POPULAR WILD ANIMALS OWNER RobertSnow 15 Proof 15 0x5FF623DE04EB18c28183B1179cD12631a2bF6a6a 7 POWERFULL OWNERS Proof 668 CryptoFX 531 Birdy 529 Let’s stay in touch to know what is coming next! Discord Telegram Instagram Twitter Media partners www.dapp.com Explore the Earth Discover the world and find animals through an interactive map Go to the Map Most Popular Animal Cards Buy rare animal cards and learn interesting facts about them. Grizzly Bear rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner 0xef764BAC8a438E7E498c2E5fcCf0f174c3E3F8dB Card Price Ξ 13.289 BUY Grizzly Bear Grizzly bear is huge animal: The grizzly bear is a large subspecies of brown bear inhabiting North America. Most bears weigh between 300 and 800 pounds (136-362 kg). 75% of their diet is comprised of berries, leaves and nuts. They also like to eat fish, rodents and moose. In late fall or early winter, they will dig a hole in a hillside to hibernate. The grizzly bear is a good swimmer and can run quite fast despite its huge size. It has perfect eyesight and excellent sense of smell: It will detect smell better than hound dog. Fun Fact: They run faster &amp; longer than Usain Bolt: Olympic champions would be on the losing end. Cobra uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner Birdy Card Price Ξ 9.492 BUY Cobra Dangerous: Cobras are highly venomous snakes famous for the threatening hood at their neck.All cobras have specialized muscles and ribs in the neck that can flare out when the cobra feels threatened. They are able to raise their body up, spread the hood, and hiss loudly to scare off most threats.Cobra’s venom is a neurotoxin that stops the victim’s breathing and heartbeat. Cobras are long lived snakes: The lifespan is from 20 to 30 years, depending on the species.There are 28 species of cobras, who are regarded as “true cobras”. Fun Fact: Some cobra species “play possum” and may pretend they are dead by convulsing and then lying completely still until the threat has passed. Bengal Tiger rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner 0x9a23e9215b Card Price Ξ 7.91 BUY Bengal Tiger They prefer to hunt in the dark: The stripes on their body often help them to hide in the shadows of wild grass, a natural camouflage that enables them to catch prey without being noticed.The size of a male Bengal tiger is about 3 meters, and it weighs about 250 kg. In one night, a Bengal tiger can eat almost 60-70 pounds of meat! They love to spend a lot of time in water: So, they often have this tendency to chase their prey into the water and kill it there. Tigers’ have one of the best memories of any animal, including humans Fun Fact: Tiger urine smells like buttered popcorn Koala uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 7.91 BUY Koala Big sleepers: The Koala is an arboreal marsupial native to Australia.Koalas inhabit open eucalypt woodlands, and the leaves of these trees make up most of their diet. Because this eucalypt diet has limited nutritional and caloric content, koalas are largely sedentary and sleep up to 20 hours a day! Very picky eaters: There are about 600 varieties of eucalyptus but koalas just eat only 3 or 4 of them.Because of their diet koalas have tiny brains because brains use a lot of energy and their diets don't give them much to work with. Fun Fact: Koalas hug trees to keep cool. Amur Leopard rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner 0xef764BAC8a438E7E498c2E5fcCf0f174c3E3F8dB Card Price Ξ 7.91 BUY Amur Leopard Rarity: It is the rarest 'cat' in the world, with today a population of only 50 individuals and the only leopard subspecies adapted to a cold snowy climate. Solitary hunter: Leopard can see its victim from a distance of up to 1.5 km and can reach speeds of up to 60 km/h and can jump to a height of up to 3 meters! The Amur leopard is active at night and resting through the day. It is a solitary hunter which resorts to the stalk and ambush technique of hunting. It has tendency to hide its kill from other predators, mostly on trees. Fun Fact: No fun fact sadly... If you know one write to us please! Giant Squid rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 4.395 BUY Giant Squid They swim faster than any other invertebrate: They expel water rapidly from their mantle cavity when swimming and this water passes through a funnel which helps them move with a tail-first action. Like all Squids, they’ve got 3 hearts: A median heart pumps oxygenated blood throughout the body, which it receives from two smaller ones that pump blood through the gills. Instead of a tongue, they use a Radula: This organ rests inside their beaks and is covered with seven rows of denticles—sharp, toothy, backwards-pointing protrusions. Fun Fact: Giant Squid have eyes the size of Frisbees Wild Boar common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner Birdy Card Price Ξ 3.516 BUY Wild Boar Wild boars are a close relative to the domestic pig: They can be found in Africa, Europe and Asia.They are very resilient animals that survive in some of the most inhospitable habitats on the planet. Wild boars are omnivores, and it has been said they will eat almost anything: They spend 12 hours during the day sleeping in nests made out of leaves, while they hunt for food at night. It has been estimated that, in the United States alone, wild boars cause $1.5 billion worth of damage each year. Fun Fact: Their sense of smell is so good they are used as drug detectors in some countries. Grey Heron common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x9a23e9215b Card Price Ξ 3.516 BUY Grey Heron It's is a Piscivore: The Grey Heron is an example of a piscivore. This large bird hunts for its prey in both freshwater and saltwater. It waits patiently, standing on one leg in the shallow water, waiting for a fish to come into range. When it does, the Grey Heron quickly strikes, stabbing the fish with its strong, pointy beak! A long neck can be hazardous: Their long, S-shaped necks makes it difficult for them to swallow fish which are too long or large. Fun Fact: It's quite normal for herons, disturbed at their nest, to regurgitate their last half-digested meal, an unpleasant experience for anyone unfortunate enough to be underneath the nest Ring-tailed Lemur rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 3.516 BUY Ring-tailed Lemur Not really arboreal: Although they are capable climbers, ring-tailed lemurs spend a third of their time on the ground foraging for food. They range far to find leaves, flowers, bark, sap, and small invertebrates to eat. They like sunbaths: If you were to check in one morning on a group of ring-tailed lemurs, you'd likely see them sitting on the ground, facing the sun with their arms outspread. Ring-tailed lemurs often spend hours soaking up the warmth of the sun. Fun Fact: Ring-tailed lemurs have developed a safer way to settle their disputes: stink fights. Baboon common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner CryptoFX Card Price Ξ 3.516 BUY Baboon They are great robbers: Baboon is a type of monkey that can be found in Africa and Arabia.They are good thieves and can steal bag of chips or coke from your hands or even pay a visit to your dinner table if they see something they like. Baboons are highly intelligent, strategic thinkers: That are constantly weighing up risks vs rewards they are also experts at reading body language: If you are unsure or scared of them, they will take advantage of your indecision and any attempt to chase them away will be unsuccessful. Fun Fact: Their bottoms have very thick padding which allows them to sit comfortably on them. Lion uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 3.516 BUY Lion Lions have terrific night vision: They are 6 times more sensitive to light than humans. This gives them a distinct advantage over some prey species when hunting at night. Lions don’t live in the Jungle: Even though lions are known as “King of the Jungle,” they live in grasslands and plains – not the jungle. Lions are social big cats that live in groups: Lions are the only big cats that live in groups, which are called prides. A pride can have as few as three lions or as many as 40! Fun Fact: Lions enjoy relaxing and lazing around. They spend between 16 and 20 hours each day resting and sleeping. Orca uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 3.516 BUY Orca Orcas eat sharks: They are carnivores. They eat fish, including great white sharks and rays, squid, crabs, lobsters, seals, sea lions, dugongs, sea birds, penguins, sea turtles or whales, including baby sperm whales and baby blue whales. According to scientists, they will eat polar bears if the opportunity comes up! They have their own language: The language of orcas is one of the most complex in the animal kingdom. They produce high-pitched whistles, pulsed calls and low-frequency pops for short or long range communications. Fun Fact: The oldest known killer whale lived to be 103 years. Bull uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 3.516 BUY Bull Bulls are much more muscular than cows With their thicker bones, larger feet, a very muscular neck, and a large, bony head with protective ridges over the eyes. These features assist bulls in fighting for domination over a herd, giving the winner superior access to cows for reproduction. Fun Fact: The color red doesn’t make bulls angry. In fact, bulls are red-green colorblind! Manta Ray rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 3.516 BUY Manta Ray Interactive Minds: Manta rays have the largest brain to body weight ratio of any living fish giving it enough smarts to make the average dolphin jealous. Size Manta ray can reach a wing span of up to 7 metres and weigh up to two tonnes while its smaller reef cousin grows to 4.5 metres and weigh a measly 1.5 tonnes. Harmless: Despite its size, they are completely harmless to humans with a non-functioning tail spine and 300 useless little teeth. Being filter feeders, the standard diet consists of crustaceans, plankton and small fish. Fun Fact: The word manta is Spanish for ‘blanket’ Chameleon uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0x9a23e9215b Card Price Ξ 2.813 BUY Chameleon Colour Changing: Most chameleons change from brown to green and back, but some can turn almost any colour. A change can occur in as little as 20 seconds. Chameleons are born with special cells that have a colour or pigment in them. They have the most distinctive eyes of any reptile: Chameleon eyes have a 360-degree arc of vision and can see two directions at once. Ballistic tongues: Chameleons feed by ballistically projecting their long tongue from their mouth to capture prey located some distance away. Fun Fact: They do not have ear openings. This is the reason they have poor hearing Box Jellyfish rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 2.813 BUY Box Jellyfish Highly painful: Their venom is considered to be among the most deadly in the world. It is so overpoweringly painful, human victims have been known to go into shock and drown or die of heart failure before even reaching shore. Sea terror: Up to 15 tentacles grow from each corner of the bell and can reach 10 feet (3 meters) in length. Big box jellyfish can swim faster than any Olympic swimmer.They also have eyes grouped in clusters of 6 on the 4 sides of their bell. Fun Fact: Jellyfish shrink if they don't eat. Hanuman langurs common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 2.813 BUY Hanuman langurs The Hanuman Langur is adapted to eating tough food which others find indigestible: They can even eat seeds with high levels of the toxins like strychnine and distasteful vegetation avoided by other creatures. It is a good sportsman: With long strong limbs, the Hanuman Langur runs fast on the ground on all fours, and climbs well and is agile among trees, its long thin tail providing balance. Their horizontal leaps have an average of 3-5m . They sleep at the ends of branches, where it's hard for a large predator to get at them. Fun Fact: Gray langurs eat the gum of the Sterculia to counteract effects of their strychnine-rich diet. Frog common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 2.813 BUY Frog Croaking is used by male frogs as a way to attract females: Each frog species has a distinct croak. They have vocal sacs, which fill with air, and can amplify the sound up to a mile away! Frogs come in all sorts of colours: The colourful skin of many tropical frogs acts as a warning to predators that these frogs are poisonous. Some frogs are poisonous: One gram of the toxin produced by the skin of the golden poison dart frog could kill 100,000 people. Fun Fact: Frogs don’t drink water with their mouths; they “drink” by absorbing water through their skin. Peregrine Falcon common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 2.813 BUY Peregrine Falcon They can see better than you: Falcon vision is eight times better than humans. This allows the birds to spot small prey from nearly two miles away, and then swoop down precisely to catch it. Falcons are fast. Really fast: Peregrine falcons have been clocked at reaching speeds of 242 miles per hour while diving for prey, making them the fastest recorded animal ever. They aren’t just fast: Peregrine falcons are also durable. They’re thought to migrate as much as 15,500 miles a year, traveling between continents to mate or find food. Fun Fact: No fun fact sadly... If you know one write to us please! Goat common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 2.813 BUY Goat Goats are naturally curious: Due to their agility and inquisitiveness, they are notorious for escaping their pens by testing fences and enclosures. If any of the fencing can be overcome, goats will almost inevitably escape. Due to their intelligence, once a goat has discovered a weakness in the fence, they will exploit it repeatedly, and other goats will observe and quickly learn the same method. Goats have incredible agility and balance: Not only they can survive in precarious rocky habitats, they can even climb trees. Fun Fact: Goats have the uncanny ability to yell like humans. Western Honey Bee rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner Maja Card Price Ξ 2.813 BUY Western Honey Bee They represent only a small fraction of the roughly 20,000 known species of bees: Bees are flying insects closely related to wasps and ants, known for their role in pollination and, in the case of the best-known bee species, the European honey bee, for producing honey and beeswax. Honey bees are also brilliant boogiers! To share information about the best food sources, they perform their ‘waggle dance’. When the worker returns to the hive, it moves in a figure-of-eight and waggles its body to indicate the direction of the food source. Fun Fact: The average worker bee produces only about 1/12th teaspoon of honey in her lifetime. Iguana common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0xa1652b44B67CbAd20c8badC87fb1074E8c889114 Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Iguana It’s all in the Tail! Iguanas during the times of attack, use their tails to punch the enemy. Also, they can detach a part of their tail when in danger and ensure a fast escape. Excellent Swimmers: Iguanas generally live around the water and swim away escaping from predators. Green Iguanas, in particular, are excellent swimmers. Survive great falls: Iguanas who can be very stable and safe in the trees can occasionally fall but what is interesting is that they can survive great falls and that too without any injuries. Fun Fact: No fun fact sadly... If you know one write to us please! Toco Toucan uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Toco Toucan The largest and probably the best known species in the toucan family: Measuring 63.5 cm (25 in.) in length, the toco toucan is the largest of all toucans. Its black body and white throat are overshadowed by its most recognizable trait: a large colorful beak. Refreshing ability: Their large bill helps them keep cool in the hot environment in which they live. This adaptation is one of the best heat regulating systems in the entire animal kingdom.Arteries in their bills expand when the bird gets hot; and release heat. Fun Fact: Although they spend a lot of time in trees, they are not very good at flying. Hippopotamus uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Hippopotamus They have incredibly sensitive skin: If you’ve ever seen a hippo basking in the sun, you may have noticed what seems to be blood dripping from their skin. This substance is a built-in “Hippo Sunblock” which is oily and red in colour. It is also an effective moisturiser and germ-killer, too. They are not big eaters: A male hippo can weigh anywhere between 1 600 kg – 3 200 kg and females can weigh between 650 kg – 2 350 kg – pretty impressive! Yet they only eat between 1 and 1,5 % of their body weight every day. Fun Fact: Despite their adaptations for life in the water, hippos can't swim — they can't even float! House Mouse common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x5FF623DE04EB18c28183B1179cD12631a2bF6a6a Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY House Mouse Mice can Empathize: It may sound strange, but it has been observed that mice can sense the experiences of others and it affects them too. They can empathize with other mice. The useful whiskers: The cute little whiskers of mice help them sense the rough edges, breeze and temperature change. Well organized habitat! Mice are known to be organized, tidy and very clean. In their underground homes, they have specific areas for shelter, toilet and storing food. Now that’s impressive! Fun Fact: Mice are quite dramatic animals. When they are threatened by something, they play dead until they feel danger has passed. Alpine Ibex rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner CryptoFX Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Alpine Ibex Ibex are animals of mountain habitats: Their hooves have sharp edges and concave undersides that act like suction cups that help them grip the sides of steep, rocky cliffs. Ibex make their homes on cliffs that would be dangerous for predators: They are known to jump more than 6 feet, or 1.8 meters, straight up without a running start. This is what helps them climb mountains with ease. Fun Fact: No fun fact sadly... If you know one write to us please! Green Anaconda uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Green Anaconda Anacondas are the largest and heaviest known snakes: They live in tropical rainforests, lakes and swamps of South America. Anaconda can be 30 feet long (like a school bus) and weigh up to 550 pounds (like 11 kids). Silent hunters: Although they’re slow on land, they are capable of reaching considerable speeds in water. They lie in wait for prey with their bodies just beneath the water and their snouts sticking into the air, ready to snatch food as it passes by. Anacondas eat most animals, from fish to jaguar. Fun Fact: No fun fact sadly... If you know one write to us please! Chinese Alligator uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Chinese Alligator Endangered: The Chinese Alligator was very abundant millions of years ago. Only fewer than 120 alligators left in the wild. Their body length is approximately 1.5 m and they weigh up to 40 kgs. They eat aquatic invertebrates and vertebrates such as crustaceans, worms or fish and other prey when available such as ducks and rodents. Diggers: This species digs extensive earthen tunnels with multiple chambers, entrances and pools in which they stay when humans are in the vicinity as well as during cool weather and winter months. Fun Fact: Baby alligators gender is determined by temperature. Crab common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0xMe Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Crab Exoskeleton: A crab’s shell is really a skeleton on the outside of its body. Insects and spiders also have external skeletons. Multiple environments: Crabs live in more different places than any other sea animal. They are found almost everywhere in the ocean, including smoking volcanic vents thousands of feet below the surface. They also live under the ice in Antarctica. One type of crab even lives on land and climbs trees. Fun Fact: When a bunch of crabs is in a bucket, they could easily escape by themselves. However, the fellow crabs pull each other down so no one can escape. Moose uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Moose Moose are huge: Moose are the largest members of the deer family, weighing as much as 540 kg; they can grow to be 1,50 m from hooves to shoulders. With huge size comes a huge appetite: Moose are browsers and will casually devour 33 kg a day in the summer and 15 kg in the winter. They're great swimmers: Moose are naturally gifted swimmers. It's common to see one hop right into a lake and swim across at up to 9,65 km per hour. The animals have an innate ability to know how to swim, so even calves can swim. Fun Fact: Moose are easily startled because they can’t see very far. This makes them uneasy because they can smell and hear that something is coming, but probably can’t see what it is. Cat common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Cat A cat’s eyesight is both better and worse than humans: It is better because cats can see in much dimmer light and they have a wider peripheral view. It’s worse because they don’t see color as well as humans do. Scientists believe grass appears red to cats. The first cat in space was a French cat named Félicette (a.k.a. “Astrocat”): In 1963, France blasted the cat into outer space. She survived the trip. Cats are extremely sensitive to vibrations: Cats are said to detect earthquake tremors 10 or 15 minutes before humans can. Fun Fact: On average, cats spend 2/3 of every day sleeping. That means a nine-year-old cat has been awake for only three years of its life. Camel common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner DNA Alpha Card Price Ξ 2.25 BUY Camel There are two types of camels: Dromedary camels, which have one hump, and Bactrian camels, which have two humps.The dromedary camel, also known as the Arabian camel, exists today only as a domesticated animal. About 90% of the world’s camels are dromedaries. Camels can survive a 40% weight loss: And then they drink up to 145 liters of water in one drinking session! When temperatures rise above 40°C , camels can survive for about 5 days without drinking water.During the winter, camels can survive 6 or 7 months without drinking water. Fun Fact: When a camel has to use the emergency fat storage it shrinks and falls to one side almost as if it has been deflated Meerkat uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Meerkat Baby Meerkats rely on their plaintive calls for free food: Adult meerkats are more susceptible to spoiling their babies when the wee meerkats beg for food and attention with squeaky, high-pitched cries. As the pups age and their voices deepen, their mews have less of an effect on the adults around them. They have gang fights: Although they are social and even affectionate within their clan, meerkats are highly territorial and will engage in violent, all-out turf wars with neighboring gangs. Fun Fact: They use their bellies to keep warm African Buffalo common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner CryptoFX Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY African Buffalo The adage an elephant never forgets would be matched by a buffalo never forgives. They have been known to attack people that have harmed them even years after the event. A buffalo has four times the strength of an ox. Cape buffalos are known to kill lions They can seek out and kill lion cubs — preventative punishment. Buffalo are reported to kill more hunters in Africa than any other animal. They are known to ambush hunters that have wounded or injured them. Fun Fact: Herds of African buffalos appear to have a unique way of deciding in which direction to move: they vote on it! Barn Owl uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0x30Be05FE3eD386b8D8AFb327B03f50C9D97DCB85 Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Barn Owl Living at night: They are nocturnal, and roost during the day in tree cavities, cliff crevices, riverbanks, barns, nest boxes, churches steeples, and other man-made structures. Silent hunter: The barn owl can fly almost silently. This enables it to hear the slightest sounds made by its rodent prey hidden in deep vegetation while it’s flying up to three metres overhead. Good hearing: The barn owl’s heart-shaped face collects sound in the same way as human ears. Its hearing is the most sensitive of any creature tested. Fun Fact: It’s not uncommon for barn owl chicks in the nest to feed each other. Giant Pangolin uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner nightman Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Giant Pangolin Built like a coat of armour: Very thick, overlapping, protective scales make up the pangolin’s outer shell. The scales are made of keratin. Their eyes have thick lids and their ears and nose can also close completely tight. Pangolins can also roll up into a tight ball to protect themselves when there is danger Strong tongue: A pangolin’s tongue is very strong and can be longer than its entire body! Their tongues are covered in a sticky slime that helps to catch ants and termites hiding in every narrow crevice of an ant or termite nest. Fun Fact: Instead of their front legs, they use their tails to help them balance while they walk which gives them a unique kind of funny wobble to their walk! Centipede uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0x30Be05FE3eD386b8D8AFb327B03f50C9D97DCB85 Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Centipede Centipedes do not have 100 legs: Despite its name, most species of centipedes possess less than hundred legs. They usually have 15 to 30 pairs of legs. One of the most dominant predators of the insect world: Centipede mainly prey on insects, spiders, earthworms and other small invertebrates. It can be found worldwide and has even been spotted inside the Arctic Circle. The centipede can range in size from a few millimetres to 30 cm long. The centipede has a bite that will be painful to humans but not fatal unless the human is allergic. Fun Fact: Centipedes can regenerate lost legs Catfish common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Catfish Catfish are everywhere: There are more than 3000 species of catfish that can be found on all continents except on the Antarctica. Catfish inhabits freshwater ecosystems such as rivers and streams. Some species of catfish are adapted to the life in salt waters and caves. Catfish are one of the most farmed types of fish (their meat is consumed as delicacy around the world). Not an ordinary fish: Some Catfish species can survive out of water (as long as their skin stays moist). Fun Fact: If you put one drop of cold drink in an Olympic size swimming pool, a catfish will be able to taste it. That’s how strong is their sense of taste. Coral Snake uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0x30Be05FE3eD386b8D8AFb327B03f50C9D97DCB85 Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Coral Snake Cousin to the Cobra: The coral snake has some infamous cousins. The coral snake is member of the Elapidae family, which includes the cobras of Asia and Africa. Second Strongest Venom in the World: It has the second most toxic venom of any snake (the black mamba has the most deadly venom) in the world. Coral Snakes are “Smart Fellers”: When startled, they makes a “popping” sound out of his cloaca – a single opening for the urinary, reproductive, and intestinal tract. This “micro-fart” is used to scare away a predator. Fun Fact: Sonoran Coral Snake, instead of rattling or hissing, farts when threatened. Canada Goose common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x30Be05FE3eD386b8D8AFb327B03f50C9D97DCB85 Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Canada Goose Canadian geese can travel more than 1000 kilometers in a day: The circumference of the world is 40008 km. This means that they could fly around the world in approximately 40 days! Canadian geese have a large lifespan: As an extreme, some can live up to twenty four years in the wild. However, most die within the first year of their life because of predators. In some parts of the world, Canada goose is treated as pest: Because it reproduces quickly, damages crops and pollutes urban areas with high quantities of droppings. Fun Fact: The babies Canada geese start to communicate with their parents while they're still in the egg Snowshoe Hare common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Snowshoe Hare The need for speed: Those super-feet are also attached to some very strong back legs. Hares can jump as far as 3 meters at a time and can move as fast as 45 kilometers an hour. Considering they’re only about 48 to 67 centimeters long that’s pretty impressive. A coat for every occasion: The snowshoe hare is usually pictured as having snow-white fur with black-tipped ears – but that’s just its winter look. The snowshoe hare changes colour with the seasons, the white fur turning reddish or grayish brown for the summer. Fun Fact: The snowshoe hare doesn’t mind you mentioning its shoe size! They get their name from their large hind feet. Snub-Nosed Monkey uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0x30Be05FE3eD386b8D8AFb327B03f50C9D97DCB85 Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Snub-Nosed Monkey Living with the band: One of the qualities that makes monkeys and other primates so fascinating is that they often live in complex social webs with relationships and bonds that can be reminiscent of those of humans. Up in the trees: In the wild, golden snub-nosed monkeys spend most of their time up in the trees where they sleep, feed and socialize. Changing diet with the seasons: In winter, they eat mostly the bark of trees. In spring, they eat seeds, buds and leaves. In summer, they eat leaves and insects and in fall, they eat fruits. Fun Fact: This monkey have snub-nosed because live in such a cold place, a long nose would be difficult to keep warm. It might even get frost-bitten. Lumpfish uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Lumpfish They stick: Their pelvic fins have evolved into adhesive discs on their undersides which allow them to cling onto various surfaces. Lumpfish spends most of its life on the bottom of the sea: It occasionally swims toward the shallow water and hides in the floating mass of seaweed. Dad handles all the childcare: He has two main jobs; to protect the eggs from predators, and to fan water over the eggs to keep them oxygenated. Fun Fact: Lumpfish is poor swimmer. Its small, but heavy and almost perfectly round body is not designed for fast swimming. Eurasian Otter common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner DNA Alpha Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Eurasian Otter They have the thickest fur: In 1 square inch of an otter’s body, around 1 million hairs are covering it. This animal actually has 2 layers of fur, the longer hairs and the undercoat. The fur of otters keep them warm but also help them stay buoyant by trapping air close to their skin. They are very playful: It’s one of the things they love to do! In fact, when they’re not eating, sleeping or grooming, they are busy playing! Aside from sliding off river embankments, you’d also see them chasing their tails and wrestling with each other. Fun Fact: Young otters have very wooly fur. This fur makes an otter pup so buoyant that it can't dive underwater. European Seabass common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner DNA Alpha Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY European Seabass Bass can learn from their mistakes: Bass are intelligent creatures – arguably the smartest of any common game fish. If a bass slip your hook or otherwise escape your clutches, he or she may well take note of the occurrence and use the close call as a reminder to avoid similar lures or baits in the future. Bass can function in a wide range of water temperatures: They can function well in water that is anywhere from the frigid 30°F (-1°C) to the balmy 90°F (32°C) Fun Fact: Male bass bump into females to stimulate the release of eggs. Praying Mantis common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x360bBAD1120B0ABF63573e2e21B6727e07D1Bf18 Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Praying Mantis They're able to turn its head 180 degrees side-to-side: Praying mantises have a unique, flexible joint between their head and prothorax that allows them to swivel their heads. This creepy trait makes a mantis seem even more humanoid when it can turn its head and look at you. They can see movement up to 18 meters away: The praying mantis is the only insect known to have the ability to see in three dimensions, the same as humans. When you add this to their ability to rotate their head, it’s clear why they are accomplished hunters. Fun Fact: When they capture birds, they go straight for the brains. Blue Whale rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner Bobbythebear Card Price Ξ 1.8 BUY Blue Whale The Blue Whale is the largest animal ever to have lived on earth: Their tongues alone can weigh as much as an elephant - their hearts, as much as a car. Despite being so massive, this giant of the ocean feeds on some of the smallest marine life – tiny shrimp like animals called krill. A single adult blue whale can consume 36,000 kg of krill a day. Incredibly, Blue Whales are graceful swimmers: They cruise the ocean at over 8km/h, and can reach speeds of over 30km/h. Fun Fact: Whales need to sleep but they only put one side of their brain to sleep at a time, like birds do. Chimpanzee rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 1.44 BUY Chimpanzee Much like us: Chimpanzees represent our closest living relative, sharing 98% of our genetic DNA. Handy with tools: Chimps are one of the few animals that are known to use of tools. This includes the use of sticks to retrieve insects from the leaf litter, stones to open up appetising nut contents and leaves to soak up drinking water. Extremely clever: Some chimpanzees have even been able to learn basic human sign language. Fun Fact: When chimpanzees are bored, they organize various games to entertain themselves Spotted Hyena uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0x360bBAD1120B0ABF63573e2e21B6727e07D1Bf18 Card Price Ξ 1.44 BUY Spotted Hyena Hyenas are smarter than chimps: A study showed that captive hyenas performed better at problem-solving and social cooperation than chimpanzees. Even more amazing is that during the study, the hyenas solved all the problems in silence, using only non-verbal signals for communication. Hyenas are carnivores: They use their powerful jaws to eat every part of what they catch and have been seen biting through giraffe bones that are 7 cm thick, they are cannibals and will attack and eat other hyena, including their young. Fun Fact: Spotted hyenas are capable of digesting skin, bones and wastes of other animals Great White Pelican common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x360bBAD1120B0ABF63573e2e21B6727e07D1Bf18 Card Price Ξ 1.44 BUY Great White Pelican Pelicans eat fish mainly: Other than that, they can also eat turtles, crustaceans and tadpoles. Very hungry pelicans will even attack and eat seagulls. Pelicans often hunt cooperatively: They will splash the surface of the water with their wings to force the fish toward the shallow water where they will scoop it easily with their bills. Pelicans are heavy birds: But thanks to air sacs in their bones - buoyancy is not a problem. They can fly to the height of 10 000 feet using the warm wind currents. Fun Fact: A gull often sits on a pelican’s head, trying to steal a meal when the pelican opens its bill slightly to empty out the water. Jackal uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 1.44 BUY Jackal Jackals are nocturnal animals: They’re most active during the night. During the day, they will conceal themselves in brushes or thickets and wait until dusk to hunt. They’re opportunistic omnivores: Their diet consists of small mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, scavenged kills made by larger animals, insects, fruits and plants. They use wide variety of sounds to communicate: Jackals communicate with each other using loud yells or yaps, growls and high pitched howls. They communicate the most when they find prey. Fun Fact: Jackals even raids dung piles to hunt for dung beetles, while on insect hunting spree. Bat uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 1.44 BUY Bat Bats are the only mammals that really can fly: They are divided into two main groups: megabats, large bats that feed pretty much on fruits, and microbats, which eat insects, frogs, blood, fish, lizards, and birds. Contrary to popular belief, bats are not blind: Many bats can see quite well and some species can even detect ultraviolet light. When bats hunt insects at night, they find their prey with an amazing sonar they make sounds that bounce off objects, then listen to the echoes for clues about what’s ahead. Fun Fact: A bat can eat more than 600 bugs per hour, which is like a human eating 20 pizzas a night. Pheasant common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner RobertSnow Card Price Ξ 1.152 BUY Pheasant Running birds: While pheasants are able to fly fast for short distances, they prefer to run. If startled however, they will burst to the sky in a 'flush.' Their flight speed is 38 to 48 mph when cruising but when chased they can fly up to 60 mph. Survival: Rarely, if ever, does a pheasant die of old age. In fact, the average life span is less than 1 year. The pheasant is a prey species and must face major sources of mortality beginning the day it is laid in the nest as an egg. Fun Fact: No fun fact sadly... If you know one write to us please! Common Mynah common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner Birdy Card Price Ξ 1.152 BUY Common Mynah An aggressive bird: Mynah is a lively, confident, aggressive, and noisy bird. It is friendly and perky, and the large flocks that gather at roosting time are usually raucous and grouchy. A good and a bad thing: Mynahs are considered pests where they develop large, communal roosts. These are considered nuisances because of the raucous noise, and the copious excrement that can accumulate. Although the common mynah causes significant damages, it also provides some useful services. These birds do eat significant numbers of insect pests. Fun Fact: Mynah can deftly mimic almost any sound it hear, right from the sound of human voices to the sound of a bicycle. Common Raven common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 1.152 BUY Common Raven Proportionally, the brains of some crows are bigger than yours: Of all the living birds, crows, ravens, and parrots have the biggest brain-to-body size ratios. And in lab experiments, these avians show a degree of cognition that puts them on par with the great apes. When a Crow dies, its neighbors may throw a funeral: The sight of a dead crow tends to attract a mob of a hundred or more live ones. During this ritual, the live crows almost never touch the dead one, which rules scavenging out as a motive. Fun Fact: Certain crows know how to read traffic lights. Gorilla uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner DNA Alpha Card Price Ξ 1.152 BUY Gorilla Able apes: Gorillas are highly intelligent. They use tools and have various methods of communication, including some 25 different sounds. Food factors: Gorillas are mainly herbivores. They spend most of their day foraging for bamboo, fruit and leafy plants, though western lowlands also eat small insects. Adult gorillas can eat up to 30kg of food each day Size matters: Gorillas are the world’s largest primates. They are closely related to humans, with 98% of their DNA identical to that of Homo sapiens. Fun Fact: The word “gorilla” comes from a Greek word “Gorillai”, which means “hairy women” Black Panther rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner CryptoFX Card Price Ξ 1.152 BUY Black Panther The Black Panther is a large member of the Big Cat family: Native to Asia, Africa and the Americas. This is not a distinct species itself but is the general name used to refer to any black coloured feline of the Big Cat family, most notably Leopards and Jaguars. The black panther is often called 'the ghost of the forest': It is a smart, stealth-like attacker, its dark coat helps it hide and stalk prey very easily, especially at night. Fun Fact: No fun fact sadly... If you know one write to us please! Azure Kingfisher uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 1.152 BUY Azure Kingfisher Superb fisherman: Once it has spotted its prey a kingfisher will bob its head up and down to gauge the position of the fish. The bird then dives into the water with its wings open, and its eyes protected by transparent eyelids. Once the fish is caught, it is taken back to the perch where the kingfisher usually stuns it before swallowing it head first. Kingfishers have extraordinarily bright plumage: Many species have stunning colors such as teal, blue, green, orange, yellow, pink, purple and red as part of their coloration. Fun Fact: The Kingfisher's beak design is so clever that the front of many Japanese bullet trains are modelled to mimic it. Giraffe uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner CryptoFX Card Price Ξ 0.864 BUY Giraffe Giraffes only need to drink water once every couple of days: They get most of their water from their plant-based diet—which is good considering their height makes the process of drinking difficult. Giraffes require over 75 pounds of food a day: With a diet of leaves, this means they spend most of their time eating. Giraffe have the long neck: Despite their characteristic long necks, giraffes actually have the same number of neck vertebrae as humans—just seven. Each individual vertebra is super-sized! Fun Fact: A giraffe's neck is too short to reach the ground, so they need to kneel to reach the ground for a drink of water. Dalmatian uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner DNA Alpha Card Price Ξ 0.864 BUY Dalmatian The origins are mysterious: Like many other old breeds, the origins of the Dalmatian are hard to pin down. Some people believe the dogs come from Dalmatia, a region in modern day Croatia. Deafness is a problem: Around 30 percent of all Dalmatians are inflicted with deafness as a result of their spotted markings. Willful and independent: Dalmatians are very intelligent and, as a result, very independent dogs. Without the proper training, they can be willful and stubborn. Fun Fact: Dalmatians tend to get along very well with horses. Grasshopper common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner CryptoFX Card Price Ξ 0.864 BUY Grasshopper Grasshoppers cause billions of dollars in damage to food crops annually: One of the more unfortunate grasshopper facts is that the combined effect from a swarm feeding on plants can completely defoliate an area. Grasshoppers are older than Dinosaurs: The very first primitive grasshoppers appear in fossils from the Carboniferous Period, which occurred more than 300 million years ago. How do they jump so far? It's all in those big, back legs. A grasshopper's hind legs function like miniature catapults. Fun Fact: If humans could jump the way grasshoppers do, we would easily leap the length of a football field or more. Gazelle common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 0.864 BUY Gazelle Gazelle are known for living in herds: Larger herds are made up mostly of female gazelle and their offspring. Males live in separate herds as they’re very territorial. A gazelle is an antelope of the genus Gazella: Gazelles are known as swift animals; they are able to reach high speeds for long periods of time. Currently, the genus Gazella is widely settled as containing 15 twelve valid species. They have an amazing sense of smell, hearing and eyesight: They use these senses to try and detect predators and escape danger in time. Fun Fact: To maintain proper hydration in harsh environment, the gazelle shrinks its liver and heart. Peafowl common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner Proof Card Price Ξ 0.864 BUY Peafowl They can fly, despite their massive trains: A peacock’s tail feathers can reach up to six feet long and make up about 60 percent of its body length. Despite these odd proportions, the bird flies just fine, if not very far. Their feathers are covered in tiny crystal-like structures: What makes the peacock’s feathers so brilliant? Microscopic “crystal-like structures” that reflect different wavelengths of light depending on how they’re spaced, resulting in bright fluorescent colors. Fun Fact: Tigers and lions hate this bird for they are normally the first ones the break the news that the cats are on the prowl. Doberman common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x5FF623DE04EB18c28183B1179cD12631a2bF6a6a Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Doberman They’re a fairly new breed: Unlike some dogs that have been hanging around since ancient times, Dobermans are newer to the scene. The breed originated in Germany and began to take form in the early 1880s, making it less than 150 years old. Dobermans can do any job: Dobes have been used for police work, coursing, scent tracking, diving, therapy, search and rescue, as well as guiding the blind. They’re smart: Dobermans are the fifth smartest breed and easily trained. That intelligence comes at a price —to their human friends. Fun Fact: Dobermans are known for outsmarting their trainers and getting easily bored. German Shepherd Dog common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x5FF623DE04EB18c28183B1179cD12631a2bF6a6a Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY German Shepherd Dog Heroism is their hobby: German Shepherd, with no special training, have been known to take bullets for their owners, dash through the wilderness to get help, and plunge into raging waters to drag drowning children to safety. The German Shepherd takes “being loyal” to a whole new level: They are selective in whom they show affection and loyalty, and are known for displaying utmost fidelity to their primary owner. Fun Fact: A German Shepherd’s bite has 238 pounds (107 kg) of force — a human’s bite has just 86 (39 kg)! Boxer common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner APEDTECH Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Boxer Boxers have a long, interesting history. Along with their cousins, the Bulldog and Mastiff, Boxers have ancestors that can be traced to the ancient Assyrians, as long ago as 2000 B.C. They were powerful, brave dogs, often used in war. Boxers are lovers, not fighters. In spite of their heritage as powerful and courageous hunters, one of the modern breed’s most appealing traits is a tremendous love for their humans and a need to be loved in return. Fun Fact: Boxer dogs are known to snore with their eyes wide open. Piranha uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0x5FF623DE04EB18c28183B1179cD12631a2bF6a6a Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Piranha Piranha teeth are pretty intense but replaceable: They are known for their razor-sharp teeth and relentless bite. The shape of a piranha’s tooth is frequently compared to that of a blade and is clearly adapted to suit their meat-eating diet. Some piranhas are cannibals: A typical piranha diet consists of insects, fish, crustaceans, worms, carrion, seeds and other plant material. Occasionally when resources are low and competition for food is high, piranhas have been known to take a chunk out of a fellow piranha, living or dead. Fun Fact: Some piranhas are vegetarians Millipede common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x5FF623DE04EB18c28183B1179cD12631a2bF6a6a Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Millipede When they hatch, millipedes only have 3 pairs of legs: Each time a millipede molts, it adds more body segments and legs. A hatchling begins life with just 6 body segments and 3 pairs of legs, but by maturity may have dozens of segments and hundreds of legs. When threatened, a millipede coils its body into a spiral: A millipede's back is covered by hardened plates called tergites, but its underside is soft and vulnerable so when a millipede feels it is in danger, it will coil its body into a tight spiral, protecting its belly. Fun Fact: Some millipedes practice chemical warfare Hummingbird common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x5FF623DE04EB18c28183B1179cD12631a2bF6a6a Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Hummingbird They have megabrains: A hummingbird’s brain makes up a whopping 4.2 percent of its weight; proportionally, that’s the largest of any bird’s. By comparison, our brains are 2 percent of our body weight. Built for Performance: No other bird on Earth can stunt-fly like a hummingbird. They can fly forward or backward, hover, and even fly upside-down, and they do all of this so fast we can’t even see it—beating their wings between 70 and 200 times per second. Fun Fact: Hummingbirds have evolved to be so good at flying that their feet have become kind of…dumb. Gharial rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner 0x8924ac1196E2ae89603925B6e001Dd14E3f7fDFf Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Gharial The name gharial was inspired by a type of pot: Gharials are one of the largest species of crocodile in the world and can grow up to 6 metres long. They get their name from the bump on the end of the male’s snout which looks like an Indian pot called a ghara. They specialize in eating fish: Comical as these jaws may seem, the slender shape is perfectly designed for snapping up the animal’s favorite food: fish. Gharial spends most of its time in the water: It leaves the water only to bask and lay eggs on the sandy riverbanks. Fun Fact: Gharial legs are so weak that they can’t even lift their bellies off the ground. Llama rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner DNA Alpha Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Llama Llamas are very intelligent, but stubborn animals: When the load on its back is too heavy, llama will refuse to carry it until some of the load is removed. Some ranchers and farmers use “guard llamas” to safeguard their sheep: Because llamas are instinctively alert and aware of their surroundings, they make great guards. They will make a distinctive sound when an intruder approaches, and can kick and chase them away. Fun Fact: When one llama has an issue with another llama, it will stick its tongue out to express its displeasure. They’ll also spit on other llamas. Golden Eagle rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner 0x2eE3E5a74e50324729c182a975A5323B73cB833B Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Golden Eagle They are extremely swift: Golden Eagles can reach maximum air speed of 320 kilometers (200 miles) per hour! Golden eagles are excellent hunters: The talons on their feet kill and carry the prey, while the beak is only for eating. Golden eagles have large eyes: They take up most of the space of the eagle’s head. Their keen eyes can see clearly and in color, allowing the eagle to spot movement from a long distance. Fun Fact: According to legend, an eagle helped choose the spot of Mexico City, and now it's on their flag! African Elephant rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner 0x8924ac1196E2ae89603925B6e001Dd14E3f7fDFf Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY African Elephant A useful trunk: The trunk is sensitive enough to pick up a blade of grass and strong enough to rip the branches off a tree. The trunk is also used for drinking – the elephant can suck up to 14 litres of water at a time and then blow it straight into its mouth! Elephant behaviour: It is associated with a unique animal intelligence that displays grief, altruism, compassion, self-awareness, play, art and music! Fun Fact: Baby Elephants suck their truncks for comfort, just as a human baby would suck its thumb. Honey Badger rare About Skills Reward when attacked 5 Gems Card Owner 0x3E04d9b6BcdFd9f4B8a74315A0fba22A88777AF6 Card Price Ξ 0.648 BUY Honey Badger They’re mean: It’s true that the honey badger has the Guinness Book of World Records title of 'World's Most Fearless Creature', but they’re more than just audacious: they’re downright mean. They’re smart: Ferocious, fearless, and pugnacious animals aren’t always the smartest, but honey badgers break the mold. They’re so intelligent that they even use tools. Fun Fact: They’re skunk-like: When the honey badger find itself in distress, its biological kneejerk is to release a stink bomb— different, but just as rotten as its sister scent-leaver. Deer common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x12d433A4f9dCa34b8b7b726429987b33C4445ECA Card Price Ξ 0.432 BUY Deer Deer have a great sense of hearing: They have a lot of muscles attached to their ears which allow them to turn their ears in any direction, without moving their heads. They can hear higher frequencies of sound than humans. They have an excellent sense of smell: It allows them to detect predators from a long distance away. Deer lick their nose to keep it moist, which helps odor particles stick to it, improving their sense of smell. Fawns are protected by a lack of scent: Enemies literally cannot smell them. Fun Fact: No fun fact sadly... If you know one write to us please! Manatee common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x12d433A4f9dCa34b8b7b726429987b33C4445ECA Card Price Ξ 0.432 BUY Manatee They are also known as 'Sea Cows': Manatees (family Trichechidae, genus Trichechus) are large, fully aquatic, mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows. Manatees live in coastal waters and rivers, and they’re the ocean’s largest herbivores. Not too fast: Using their powerful tails, manatees can swim for short bursts at 15 mph (24km/h). However, the placid animals are usually content to cruise along at 5 mph (8km/h). Fun Fact: Manatees regulate their buoyancy by storing and releasing farts. Ostrich common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x5FF623DE04EB18c28183B1179cD12631a2bF6a6a Card Price Ξ 0.432 BUY Ostrich Faster, faster! The ostrich might not be able to fly, but boy can it run! Using its long legs, powerful thighs and strong feet, this big bird can cover five metres in a single stride and reach speeds of over 70km per hour! Self-defence: This brilliant bird’s strong legs don’t only carry the ostrich where it wants to go – they’re super effective when it comes to self-defence. If an ostrich is cornered by a hungry predator, such as a lion, cheetah, leopard or hyena, it will kick with a force powerful enough to kill! Fun Fact: Its eye is bigger than its brain. Common Octopus common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0x8924ac1196E2ae89603925B6e001Dd14E3f7fDFf Card Price Ξ 0.432 BUY Common Octopus Octopuses have blue blood: Nope, they’re not royalty. They literally have blue blood. This is because their blood is not iron-based like ours, but copper-based, the copper being more efficient in transporting oxygen in a cold, low-oxygen environment. An octopus can regrow its arms: Several animals can regrow lost limbs, like lizards, for example, and starfish. The octopus has this ability, too. It can detach an arm in order to distract predators, and then grow a new one in its place, which is quite a luxury when you have eight arms. Fun Fact: It has been observed in captivity that octopuses like shiny objects. In the wild, they travel across the ocean floor picking up shiny objects, and then arranging them into a collection called an “octopus garden” Cow common About Skills Reward when attacked 1 Gems Card Owner 0xB5b35a9E63eDEa2a43399632bcEf85ce879b29C1 Card Price Ξ 0.432 BUY Cow Awesome moms: Cows are devotional mothers and are known to walk for miles to find their calves. Selective friendship: Like humans, cows form close friendships and choose to spend much of their time with 2-4 preferred individuals. They also hold grudges for years and may dislike particular individuals. Cattle have an excellent sense of smell: They can detect odours up to five miles away. They can also hear both low and high frequency sounds beyond human capability. Fun Fact: Cows drink the equivalent of a bathtub full of water each day. Hey, it takes a lot to wash down 40 pounds of food! European Bison uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0x8924ac1196E2ae89603925B6e001Dd14E3f7fDFf Card Price Ξ 0.432 BUY European Bison Big and agile: The European Bison is Europe’s largest native mammal. Large bulls are big and heavy but the species is also extremely agile and capable of jumping a 3 meters wide stream from a standing position. Nearly extinct: Having once roamed much of western and eastern Europe (from the British Isles to Siberia), advances in agriculture and extensive hunting saw numbers decline dramatically until the Bison existed only in two protected Polish forests by the early 1900s. Fun Fact: The Bison were described by those who tried to tame them as having a ungovernable temper. Emperor Penguin uncommon About Skills Reward when attacked 2 Gems Card Owner 0xCF803a49F6E37B92A4040e397B976939dc5d9841 Card Price Ξ 0.432 BUY Emperor Penguin They survive such low temperatures as -60°C: These brilliant birds have special adaptations – they have large stores of insulating body fat and several layers of scale-like feathers that protect them from icy winds. Like all penguins it is flightless: With a streamlined body, and wings stiffened and flattened into flippers for a marine habitat. Their aerodynamic bodies and strong flippers make them excellent swimmers, reaching speeds up to 19 km/h (12 mph). Fun Fact: In severe winter the penguins stay together in a group and form a circle for their protection. The ones in the middle, the warmer area, switch places with the ones in the edge …and they keep doing this on and on. Go to Marketplace FAQ About CryptoServal Play Marketplace My Animals Terms of service FAQ Press Copyright © 2023 CryptoServal. All Rights Reserved. 