 Cryptosender Low fees! Send Tutorial FAQ Token multisender Vip Connect Connect Send tokens to multiple addresses with token multisender Try now the best token multisender 1 Prepare 2 Approve 3 Send Token address CSV Address list View example 9 1 › Upload file Connect first Now with WalletConnect! Now you can use an infinite number of web3 wallets available in walletconnect What is Cryptosender? Cryptosender Token Multisender is a tool to facilitate sending ERC-20 tokens to multiple addresses at once. Add a list or upload a CSV file and send to over 200 wallets in a single transaction. Save time and money with Cryptosender. Crypto Multi Sender Send tokens to multiple addresses at once with three easy steps using our token multisender . Multichain Multi blockchain support, send in BSC, Ethereum or Polygon with ERC-20 Token protocol. Time saver Save time by sending your tokens to more than 200 accounts at the same time. Batch ERC20 token transfer The traditional ERC-20 blockchain system only allows the sending of tokens from one address to another. With Cryptosender Token Multisender solves the problem allowing batch transferring of ERC-20 tokens Cryptosender is an innovative token multisender tool that allows users to send their ERC20 tokens to multiple addresses in a single transaction. This means that users can send tokens to multiple recipients without having to split them between each recipient. The user-friendly and secure design of Cryptosender makes it easy for users to send their tokens to multiple addresses using the built-in token transfer feature. Tokens sent through Cryptosender are stored safely within the blockchain network, ensuring they cannot be lost or stolen. With Cryptosender's token multisender feature, you can easily manage and distribute your ERC20 tokens to multiple recipients in one simple transaction. Wallet crypto sender tool Cryptosender is an app to disperse erc20 tokens easily and at low cost. Airdrop smart contract You can launch an airdrop, promote tokens or make multiple payments from a single place. Token multisender on multichain You can use the bsc, polygon or ethereum network to send multiple tokens, you can also use the BSC testnet for testing. Batch transfer Batch transfer means that with a single transaction on the blockchain, the token to be sent is distributed among several addresses. Contract 