 top of page crypto chicks Home About Us Collections Partnerships Follow the #CCArmy Mission &amp; Vision Web3 has the potential to change lives. And so do we! ​ Decentralized infrastructure and immersive virtual experiences will continue to be larger parts of our day-to-day lives. Just like traditional industries like finance and tech, this space is being built by the early adopters – which right now is mainly men. ​ We believe that creating meaningful and exciting web3 experiences with brands we already know and love will bring more women into the space. By making web3 accessible and fun, we’ll onboard and create a home base for women engaging in this new ecosystem. ​ Your future web3 self is waiting. Are you ready? Brand Ambassadors We love providing our chicks with the opportunity to expand their experiences in Web3. We've opened up to our community and welcomed dozens of talented individuals to contribute towards our unified vision! Every few months, we work closely with our top volunteers, who are the heart and soul of our vibrant community. These exceptional individuals, our esteemed Brand Ambassadors, bring their unique skills, passions, and expertise to the forefront. ​ Our Brand Ambassadors are more than just contributors; they're torchbearers of innovation and creativity. They exemplify our commitment to fostering a collaborative and dynamic environment within the Web3 space. Through their dedication and hard work, they've helped shape our ecosystem and have become integral to our journey. ​ This showcase is a testament to the remarkable talents that define our community. It's a platform for our Brand Ambassadors to shine, to display their projects, share their insights, and connect with fellow enthusiasts. We're immensely proud to spotlight their achievements and provide them with the recognition they rightfully deserve. Meet the Ambassadors CryptoQueen1 A Physical Therapist &amp; Hospital Admin, turned full time web3 to fufill her passion for blockchain, digital art, content creation, and connecting people in web3.&nbsp; ​ Recently Co-founded Shibwomen with the mission to empower, educate, and encourage women in blockchain. ​ "My focus is helping to onboard women in web3 and support the next generation of speakers through leaders in crypto &amp; NFTs~ Honored to be able to return to my roots and help foster growth &amp; engagement for the CC's, the project that first introduced me to NFTs." TALK WEB3 TO ME • GET INVOLVED&nbsp; • &nbsp; TALK WEB3 TO ME • GET INVOLVED&nbsp; • &nbsp; TALK WEB3 TO ME NFT Collections From the Crypto Chicks 10k collection to Time Machines and our new 1/1s, we've got ambitious plans to break the status quo for creativity and ownership. Community Community is our middle name. We're born from a global community of purpose-driven people championing women on their web3 journeys. Partnerships We unlock potential for brands looking to education their existing consumers and capture the web3 audience - from concept to implementation. Our Marketplace Vibe on Discord Get in Touch PRESS • AS SEEN IN • PRESS • AS SEEN IN • PRESS • AS SEEN IN &nbsp; • &nbsp; PRESS •&nbsp; AS SEEN IN&nbsp; • PRESS&nbsp; Keep an eye out. Cool stuff incoming. bottom of page 