 HENI Mobile Icon Art Chevron Down Icon Publishing Talks Fab News Art Club Digital HAT Merch Blog Discord Icon Instagram Icon Twitter Icon HENI NFT Icon NFT Collections Chevron Down Icon My NFTs Wallet Icon Connect Search Icon Drawer Icon Damien Hirst The Currency The Currency, the first NFT collection by Damien Hirst, explores the boundaries of art and currency—when art changes and becomes a currency, and when currency becomes art. More Info Damien Hirst The Currency The Currency, the first NFT collection by Damien Hirst, explores the boundaries of art and currency—when art changes and becomes a currency, and when currency becomes art. More Info Damien Hirst The Currency The Currency, the first NFT collection by Damien Hirst, explores the boundaries of art and currency—when art changes and becomes a currency, and when currency becomes art. More Info Damien Hirst The Currency The Currency, the first NFT collection by Damien Hirst, explores the boundaries of art and currency—when art changes and becomes a currency, and when currency becomes art. More Info Damien Hirst The Currency The Currency, the first NFT collection by Damien Hirst, explores the boundaries of art and currency—when art changes and becomes a currency, and when currency becomes art. More Info Damien Hirst The Currency The Currency, the first NFT collection by Damien Hirst, explores the boundaries of art and currency—when art changes and becomes a currency, and when currency becomes art. More Info About HENI NFT HENI NFT is pushing the boundaries of digital and physical art by developing pioneering NFT projects. Projects include the NFT drops of Damien Hirst such as The Currency which is a social experiment in value, a new type of art ownership using the proprietary NFT Deeds for The Empresses, and the artist’s first generative project called The Beautiful Paintings. HENI NFT Collections Damien Hirst The Currency Damien Hirst Great Expectations Damien Hirst The Beautiful Paintings MadC Color Rhythms Damien Hirst The Empresses JR Greetings From Giza Chevron Left Icon Chevron Right Icon Blog Articles View Blog Chevron Right Icon Introducing the New HENI NFT Website Explore the new HENI NFT website, a unified platform for all HENI NFTs and new content such as infographic NFT rarity PDFs and updated project overviews. Introducing the Improved HENI Merch site Discover HENI's revamped merch site. Explore Brian Clarke's exclusive range and the new stainless-steel smart bottle from The Currency collection. Introducing the HENI Merchandise Shop HENI is delighted to announce the launch of its merchandise shop, featuring the official merch for Damien Hirst's 'The Currency'. The Currency In-Person Burns A limited number of spots will be available at Newport Street Gallery on the 29 and 30 October for 'The Currency' NFT holders to witness their physical artworks being burned in person. HENI News View All Chevron Right Icon NFT 2 days ago First Look: Art gallery in Dubai to educate artists on NFTs, Web3 NFT 2 days ago CryptoPunk 2549 by Larva Labs sells for $142,900 NFT 2 days ago Justin Sun To Exhibit Giacometti’s ‘Le Nez’ NFT Collection NFT 2 days ago PUNK PRINTS: Avant Arte Is Bringing The CryptoPunks From The Chain To The Canvas! Latest HENI Merch View Merch Chevron Right Icon View Merch Chevron Right Icon Discord Icon Verify NFT Ownership on our discord Receive a verified holder role and badge, connect with other holders on exclusive channels and more! Learn more Chevron Right Icon Discord Icon Discuss with our HENI Community Join the HENI Community on Discord to discuss with over 20,000 community members Join on Discord Join Our Newsletter ​ Subscribe Personal Data is managed securely and in accordance with our Privacy Policy . HENI Privacy Policy Jobs About Us Help Contact Us FAQ © 2023 HENI. All Rights Reserved 