 Home Exchange Guide Verified Contract BackUp Exchange FAQ Community Decent Ether - DeFi/DApp The most powerful, highly secure and transparent distributed finance application (DeFi/DAPP) which allows investors to earn Ethereum in the form of dividend and also through referral bonus when successive investors invest in the Decent Ether system. On every buy or sell order 10% fee will be deducted as network fee which will be distributed amoung DETHER holders in the form of Ethereum as dividend . For every DETHER token buy or sell order DETHER Price will increase (on buy)/ decrease (on sell) by 0.00000001 ETH For every referral user will receive 33% of network fees as referral benefits in the form of Ethereum . All Ethereum send to Smart contract get locked in smart contract . Hence you can sell your token anytime without fear of buyers Exchange / DeFi Interface Decentralized, Highly Secure, Transparent &amp; Verified Ethereum Smart Contract Contract Address: 0x7d2D58d7add0B2d6E06FA85590b60DA7741c18C9 Connect to MetaMask Wallet Address Referral Address Contract Balance Buy Price Dividends Unlock DETHER Balance Unlock * DETHER Balance Value Shown is Calculated Based On Current Sell Price - 10% Network fees on Sell Total DETHER Sell Price Referral Dividends Unlock Combined Dividends Unlock * Ethereum USD Rates are taken from CoinGecko Buy Token Sell Token Reinvest ETH/Dividend Withdraw ETH/Dividend Transfer Tokens Guide 1. MetaMask First of all, install web3 client like MetaMask from here and put some Ether in it. 2. Buy DETHER Tokens To buy DETHER Token, enter amount of Ether you want to invest and simply click the "Buy Tokens" button. When confirming the transaction on MetaMask, be sure to use a high enough gas price so that the price doesn't change drastically while the transaction is in progress. Buying coins will increase both the Buy Price and Sell Price with 0.00000001 ETH per bought coin once the transaction is complete. 3. Checking Balance Under DETHER Balance you can see how many DETHER you currently own. Note that when cashing out coins, the Buy Price and Sell Price drop afterwards, decreasing the value of your (and everyone else's) coins by 0.00000001 ETH per coin. 4. Earning Dividends Every time DETHER are bought or sold, a percentage of the fee from the bought/sold coins will be divided under the current DETHER holders (Dividends). 5. Sell Tokens You can move your tokens into Dividends which then is stored as Ether. To do this enter amount and click on the "Sell Tokens" button - and your tokens will be transferred into Ether based upon the current sell price. 6. ReInvest Dividend in Tokens You can also use your dividends to immediately purchase more DETHER tokens by selecting "ReInvest Dividends". 7. Cash Out / Transfer DETHER To cash out your DETHER, enter amount of token and click the "Withdraw" button and follow the prompts. Most Important Information OPEN SOURCE DEFI/DAPP Decent Ether is most powerful, highly secure and transparent distributed finance application (DeFi/DAPP) Smart contract on the on the Ethereum blockchain that is fully transparent and open source. The code is backed by the Ethereum blockchain and verified; feel free to take a look at the divine mathematics and logic, the code is open for all to see. So, as long as the Ethereum network exists so will the Decent Ether DeFi/Dapp. Every transaction is handled by a piece of un-changeable blockchain programming known as a smart-contract. SUPPLY = VALUE For each DETHER token added or removed from circulation the price of the next token increases or decreases automatically by a fractional amount of ETH (about .0000001 eth). When people buy, your DETHER tokens are worth slightly more, when they sell, slightly less. This is managed and calculated by the smart contract directly. Decent Ether smart contract will manage the economy but cannot affect the price of the token. That is locked in the code and set on the blockchain, the price will rise and the price will fall, those who trust in Decent Ether the longest will be rewarded the most. MINING? The Token's namesake is a feature we lovingly call the "Proof of Weak Hands Ethereum mining algorithm" Simply put, when someone chooses to buy, sell or trade tokens, a 10% transaction fee is applied. That fee, proof of that trader's weak hands, is split across all tokens currently in circulation as a reward to those holding them. Buyers' newly-purchased tokens are added to circulation before the fee is allocated. Anyone who holds tokens can withdraw their share of those earnings anytime, in ETH from the smart-contract pool, no fee attached. You see that cute snek? He snatches up rewards for you on every trade, No matter what the token price does!. WITHDRAW ANYTIME? That Smart contract (your new robo accounting buddy) holds all ethereum ever put into purchasing these tokens, and will gleefully give you all ethereum you are owed whenever you want to withdraw , or dump your tokens. You weak handed fool. The robot is also indifferent to the plight of man, cannot be stopped, shut down, or ended without the death of the ethereum network itself REFERRAL BENEFITS? In addition, if you hold just 1 token you can earn instant ETH rewards for your good referral benefits for spreading the word about Decent Ether. We provide you a unique link to our website that Decent Ether recognizes, anyone buying into Decent Ether via your link has 33% of all fees they would otherwise pay into Decent Ether, directed to you instead as instant rewards of Ethereum gains. SPARKNOTES? Managed by a smart contract entirely • no human involvement in managing the ethereum, at all. Period. Automatic pricing • Value is directly related to how many tokens exist at any time. Volume based earning • 10% of all volume is taken as fees, and is automatically split out as Eth to all token holders. Active-income Staking • Masternode system allows you to recruit more and get instant ETH rewards. Plus everyone gains from the volume! Not a "Concept" token • Each token has intrinsic value, as every token is backed by the eth already in the contract (try to find another crypto that does this). Serious in all the wrong ways. • See cute snek mascot representing your financial future. The most powerful, highly secure and transparent distributed finance application (DeFi/DAPP) which allows investors to earn Ethereum in the form of dividend and also through referral bonus when successive investors invest in the Decent Ether system. Contact Info Email: DecentEther@protonmail.com © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved by Decent Ether(DeFi/DApp) 