 Claim your .eth domain as a Top-Level Domain for FREE (+Gas) Claim -&gt; Learn more $DWEB $ Register Domain Register Top-Level Web3 Domains -&gt; Secure your Web3 TLD for $50 USD per year Mint Sub-Level Web3 Domains -&gt; No expiry on Subdomains. From $2 USD Learn Learning Centre How It Works Docs About About Us Updates New Roadmap Updated Our Team Partner Build Widgets New Build with Decentraweb Stats Pay $DWEB Buy $DWEB Stake $DWEB Purchase TLD&nbsp;Using $DWEB For 50% OFF Blog Go to App -&gt; $DWEB $ Register Web3 Domains Register Top-Level Domain Secure your Web3 TLD for $50 USD per year -&gt; Mint Sub-Level Domain No expiry on Web3 Subdomains. From $2 USD -&gt; Information About Decentraweb -&gt; Roadmap -&gt; Updates -&gt; Team -&gt; Partner with us -&gt; Learn Learning Centre -&gt; How it Works -&gt; Docs -&gt; Blog -&gt; Build Widgets -&gt; Build with Decentraweb -&gt; Stats -&gt; Pay -&gt; DWEB Token Buy $DWEB -&gt; Stake $DWEB -&gt; PURCHASE TLD USING $DWEB FOR 50% OFF Proudly powering over 13,000 Top-Level Web3 Domains Flat Fee Pricing $100 in ETH or $50 in $DWEB Per Web3 TLD Receive 50%&nbsp;off TLD Registrations &amp; Renewals with $DWEB .lgbtq .space .🥳 .gday .degen .whale .payme .xeth .🐐 .xoxo .hotwallet .ismyname .space .🥳 .gday .degen .whale .payme .xeth .🐐 .xoxo .creates .888 .🚀 .limitless .cyberpunk .venice .123 .lgbtq .nyb .✨ .creates .🎉 .888 .🚀 .limitless .cyberpunk .venice .123 .lgbtq .nyb .✨ .creates .creates .wonder .ego .carhire .airlines .epic .sportswear .defiwallet .0x0 .🇮🇳 .beast .zilla .wonder .ego .carhire .airlines .epic .sportswear .defiwallet .0x0 .🇮🇳 .beast .creates Expiry-less Web3 Subdomains Register your Web3 Identity with our newly released premium Top-Level Domains . No Expiry $200 per SLD . No Expiry $200 per SLD . No Expiry $200 per SLD .moon No Expiry $200 per SLD . No Expiry $200 per SLD elon .🚀 nft .🔥 punk .🍆 chloe .❤️ 🚀 .moon anything .🚀 limitless .🔥 degen .🍆 crypto .❤️ wen .moon identity .🚀 on .🔥 888 .🍆 steve .moon lauren .dweb ✨.🔥 Featured by How to create your Decentralized Web3 NFT Domains Unlock a world of opportunity with Decentraweb 1 Register Top-Level Web3 Domain .e.g .yourname 2 Mint unlimited Web3 Subdomains from your TLD .e.g im.yourname 3 Choose to Stake your TLD, earning you passive income Ready to create your Web3 Top-Level Domain? New Release Easily add Web3 Subdomain minting onto your website Our technology allows anyone to be a Web3 Domain Registrar The new release of our Web3 Subdomain Minting Widget provides minting and resolution of Web3 Subdomains against wallet addresses in a simple to use and easy to integrate widget. Easily copy and paste the generated HTML code into your website. Create Your Minting Widget -&gt; Empowering Decentralized Web3 Identity Our revolutionary Decentralized DNS technology is packed with functionality and utility. Own Top-Level Web3 Domains We're .limitless Register any Top-Level Web3 Domain - Decentralized and permissionless. Own .anything - from $50 USD&nbsp;per year using $DWEB Stake &amp; Sell Subdomains You set the price Stake your Top-Level Domain (TLD) and earn passive income from others minting Sub-Level Domains from your TLD. Mint Unlimited Subdomains Sell on Marketplaces Mint as many Sub-Level Domains (SLDs) from your Top-Level Domain (TLD). List and sell on NFT&nbsp;Marketplaces. Your Crypto Wallet Address yourname.yourdomain Easily set your Decentraweb Web3 Domain as your wallet address for nearly any blockchain. Remembering your Wallet Address just got easier! Your Website URL www.absolutely.anything Utilize IPFS or traditional webserver technology to create a decentralized website. COMING&nbsp;SOON Your Chat Username End to end encrypted chat Use your Decentraweb Web3 Domain as your chat username. COMING&nbsp;SOON Email &amp; Webmail yourname@absolutely.anything Use your Decentraweb Web3 Domain for emails and webmail. COMING&nbsp;SOON Decentralized Webhosting Powered by Decentraweb Enable decentralized and uncensorable hosting via IPFS Own Top-Level Web3 Domains We're .limitless Register any Top-Level Web3 Domain - Decentralized and permissionless. Own .anything - from $50 USD&nbsp;per year using $DWEB Stake &amp; Sell Subdomains You set the price Stake your Top-Level Domain (TLD) and earn passive income from others minting Sub-Level Domains from your TLD. Mint Unlimited Subdomains Sell on Marketplaces Mint as many Sub-Level Domains (SLDs) from your Top-Level Domain (TLD). List and sell on NFT&nbsp;Marketplaces. Your Crypto Wallet Address yourname.yourdomain Easily set your Decentraweb Web3 Domain as your wallet address for nearly any blockchain. Remembering your Wallet Address just got easier! Your Website URL www.absolutely.anything Utilize IPFS or traditional webserver technology to create a decentralized website. COMING&nbsp;SOON Your Chat Username End to end encrypted chat Use your Decentraweb Web3 Domain as your chat username. COMING&nbsp;SOON Email &amp; Webmail yourname@absolutely.anything Use your Decentraweb Web3 Domain for emails and webmail. COMING&nbsp;SOON Decentralized Webhosting Powered by Decentraweb Enable decentralized and uncensorable hosting via IPFS Web3 Subdomains Create your Web3 Identity Proudly powering over 475,000 Web3 Subdomains No Expiry. No Renewal Fees. From only $2 Your Wallet Domain For 150+ Cryptos Your Decentalized Website URL Your Chat ID (Coming Soon) Your Decentralized Web3 Identity Easily Register Your Web3 Domain TLD NFT Become your own Web3 Domain Registrar with our Top-Level Web3 Domain technology Create your Top-Level Web3 Domain Own your own NFT domain ending Mint unlimited Sub-Level Domains Sell Sub-Level Domains on Marketplaces Stake to Sell Sub-Level Domain Registrations Earn passive income from SLD Registrations Pay in ETH $100 USD Per TLD or Pay in DWEB $50 USD Per TLD Want 50% Off? Purchase $DWEB via Uniswap 50%&nbsp;OFF When you pay with $DWEB COMMUNITY&nbsp;REWARDS Use $DWEB and get 50% OFF TLDs The DWEB token plays a central role in the Decentraweb ecosystem, and will be used for everything from payments for services to governance, DNS Validator Nodes, Staking and more. Buy $DWEB -&gt; Visit Staking Dashboard -&gt; Coming Soon Web3 Domains NFT Marketplace We're building a Marketplace built to easily discover, buy and sell Web3 Domains. Launching in Q3 2023 Visit Snagged.io -&gt; Own an ICANN registered domain that’s part of Alexa’s top 10k? Get in touch -&gt; FAQs How are we different from other Web3 Domain providers? One of the biggest differences between us and other Web3 Domain providers is that we provide both Top-Level and Sub-Level Domains registrations using our technology. Whereas other Web3 Domain providers only provide Sub-Level Domain registrations from their top level domains, such as .eth. We empower anyone to create their own Top-Level Domains, allowing you to register .anything - the world is your oyster! Another exciting difference between us and other Web3 Domain providers is that as the owner of a Top-Level Domain (TLD) through Decentraweb, you can mint as many Sub-Level Domains from your Top-Level Domain as you'd like. You can also opt to stake your Top-Level Domain, allowing others to mint their Sub-Level Domains from your Top-Level Domain, all while paying a fee per Sub-Level Domain that you set (hello passive income!). Let's break down the potential opportunities of our technology for Top-Level Domain Holders who stake their TLD : Step One : Mint a Top-Level Domain for $100 USD (receive 50% off when you purchase in $DWEB) Step Two : Stake your Top-Level Domain and set your fee per minted Sub-Level Domain that uses your Top-Level Domain Step Three : Other users can then mint as many SLDs as they like, paying the price you set per Step Four : You receive your funds in $DWEB or $ETH. Another point of difference is that we provide Top-Level and Sub-Level Domains on the Ethereum blockchain. DNS is a critical base layer of the internet and requires the most decentralized and secure network and smart contract-enabled blockchain. We must also note that all of our domains are truly decentralized, whereas other Web3 Domain providers deliver centralized solutions. How does Decentraweb work and integrate with ICANN? As it stands ICANN controls all domains. Your DNS (the thing that resolves IP addresses to domain names) is controlled by your ISP (by default). If you change your DNS in your browser or your home router to 1.1.1.1 (Cloudflare) or 8.8.8.8 (Google) you resolve DNS through these companies instead, but they still only resolve ICANN domains. With Decentraweb you either change your DNS resolver to one that supports both Decentraweb and ICANN domains, or you can run our browser extension that handles it for you. We are making it so anyone can create a top-level domain (TLD). Currently on the centralized internet, ICANN is the only one who can approve this and it costs 185K USD per domain non-refundable just for an application to get them to review a new one (which they typically deny). Then it is an additional 29K a year just for ICANN to maintain the TLD. By making a decentralized version of DNS (dDNS) and having the domains and subdomains on Ethereum, anyone can create a TLD if it doesn't already exist on ICANN (we want to be backwards compatible, so someone wouldn't be able to register .com, .net, .org, etc), and maintain it as an NFT (ERC-721) on Ethereum. What is $DWEB and how do I purchase $DWEB? The $DWEB is our ERC20 token and plays a central role in our ecosystem. $DWEB can be staked to earn rewards through a share of all revenues. You can learn more about our staking mechanics here. You can easily purchase $DWEB through any of our partners. Learn more here . How does $DWEB staking work? Staking pools were enabled from Day 1 as soon as $DWEB launched. There are 2 types of staking pools, each a separate staking contract and each with a different rewards structure. Pool #1: Liquidity Provider Stakers (LP) - 45% rewards Those who stake Uniswap LP tokens for providing liquidity to our Uniswap pool and token pair will receive 45% of all fees collected for purchases of domains, hosting, products and other services via Decentraweb. Pool #2: $DWEB Token Stakers - 35% Rewards Those who stake just $DWEB tokens will receive 35% of all fees collected for purchases of domains, hosting, products and other services via Decentraweb. Why Ethereum and not Cardano, Solana, Algorand, BSC, etc? We regulary get asked why you chose to have this project run on Ethereum, and not Cardano, Solana, Binance Smart Chain, Algorand (insert x chain here). Reason: DNS is a critical base layer of the internet and requires the most decentralized and secure network and smart contract-enabled blockchain. This is currently Ethereum. We cannot risk having DNS go down (for instance like Solana's 20 hour downtime), or being centralized (like BSC, where Binance and many Chinese entities run the nodes) and censored. What format, and how will my TLD be assigned to me? All domains and subdomains on the Decentraweb network will be registered as NFTs (ERC-721) on Ethereum. This allows for these domains and subdomains to be easily bought/sold/traded on any NFT-based marketplace. We envision an open market where users can register any TLD (top-level domain) such as a keyword for example .apartments, and then sell subdomains of that keyword to interested parties (miami.apartments, nyc.apartments, etc). This allows for anyone to essentially be their own registrar like GoDaddy, Unstoppable Domains, etc, and sell subdomains of a TLD! Are there any fees associated with Decentraweb? Each Top-Level Domain bought through Decentraweb is $50 USD in $DWEB or $100 in $ETH per year (plus $ETH gas fees), offering a 50% discount to $DWEB users. The max term of registration is 5 years. Users have the opportunity to renew/extend the registration at any point in time. All prices of Sub-Level Domains are set by the holder of the associated Top-Level Domain. Decentraweb applies an additional fee of $2 USD&nbsp;per Sub-Level Domain registration. Can I register top domains like .apple, .facebook, etc? Current top domain names (like apple.com, youtube.com, facebook.com, etc) will be restricted from registration unless the buyer can prove they own the ICANN version. If you try to register .facebook for instance, the smart contract will verify you own the domain by asking you to add a txt record to facebook.com DNS with a random string we provide you. If you can't update the existing DNS record, registration won't continue. This way we can avoid people squatting on top domains, and it also gives us a way to work with top brands/companies etc and get them into our ecosystem! Decentraweb is the leading provider of Top-Level Web3 Domains. Powering a decentralized implementation of the DNS base layer protocol on the Ethereum Blockchain. Discover Register Top-Level Web3 Domain Mint Sub-Level Domains (SLDs) Updates Roadmap Team About Information Learning Centre Blog Contact Partner Developers Legal &amp; Press Terms of Use Privacy Policy Press Kit $DWEB Token $DWEB Stake $DWEB Copyright © 2023 Decentraweb 