 Tokens DME DMP DeepMine Game Start Game DM Shelter NFT Staking Store Auction Recruitment Collection Unbox Craft Unbox #2 Drop Play-And-Earn social economy strategy in expanding Sci-Fi metaverse Reimagining the way players cooperate, earn and develop together. Well-balanced economic system to create immersive experience and sustainable long-term ROI. EXPLORE ELEAZAR Subscribe to receive free drops and updates from DeepMine! SUBSCRIBE Drop is Live, ends in d h 00 m 00 s NFT Catalog Areas Equipment Structures Modules Packs ROCK FIELDS The cold surface of the planet Eleazar, devoid of starlight, hasn't seen vegetation for ages and is mainly covered with sand and stones. Max amount: 500 BUY ON SPACE DEBRIS Thousands of planets, asteroids, space stations, and ships crashed in space around Eleazar. Their remainders cover part of the planet, and one can try their luck and find something valuable there. Max amount: 250 BUY ON GLACIERS Hundreds of generations have produced chemicals that altered the structure of water so it is able to boil at depth and freeze on the surface at the same time. This made the seas uninhabitable. Max amount: 150 BUY ON LAVA The tectonic activity of the planet hardly stops, which leads to constant emissions of lava in some areas. These areas are extremely dangerous, but they provide higher chances to extract DME. Max amount: 75 BUY ON DME SPRINGS These areas are very scarce. Their lucky owners enjoy the relatively stable environment combined with the richest DME deposits across the entire planet. Max amount: 25 BUY ON Common UNCommon RAre EPIC Legendary PLUNGING BLOCKS It is a superconducting cable that consists of atomic-molecular tubes arranged together. It is made to transfer the DME that Wandering Reactor generated to the city and factories on the surface. BUY ON PLUNGING BLOCKS It is a superconducting cable that consists of atomic-molecular tubes arranged together. It is made to transfer the DME that Wandering Reactor generated to the city and factories on the surface. BUY ON PLUNGING BLOCKS Constantly rotating shuttled modules moving right after the Cutter. Simultaneously serve as crew compartments for the miners and as mechanical rooms. BUY ON PLUNGING BLOCKS Constantly rotating shuttled modules moving right after the Cutter. Simultaneously serve as crew compartments for the miners and as mechanical rooms. BUY ON PLUNGING BLOCKS Constantly rotating shuttled modules moving right after the Cutter. Simultaneously serve as crew compartments for the miners and as mechanical rooms. BUY ON Wandering reactor Generates energy (DME token) through processing the irradiated matter extracted by the mining equipment. BUY ON Wandering reactor Generates energy (DME token) through processing the irradiated matter extracted by the mining equipment. BUY ON Wandering reactor Generates energy (DME token) through processing the irradiated matter extracted by the mining equipment. BUY ON Wandering reactor Generates energy (DME token) through processing the irradiated matter extracted by the mining equipment. BUY ON Wandering reactor Generates energy (DME token) through processing the irradiated matter extracted by the mining equipment. BUY ON CUTTER Transforms the softened matter into plasma suitable for the Wandering Reactor. Also creates hollow tunnels for the Plunging Blocks. BUY ON CUTTER Transforms the softened matter into plasma suitable for the Wandering Reactor. Also creates hollow tunnels for the Plunging Blocks.Transforms the softened matter into plasma suitable for the Wandering Reactor. Also creates hollow tunnels for the Plunging Blocks. BUY ON CUTTER Transforms the softened matter into plasma suitable for the Wandering Reactor. Also creates hollow tunnels for the Plunging Blocks. BUY ON CUTTER Transforms the softened matter into plasma suitable for the Wandering Reactor. Also creates hollow tunnels for the Plunging Blocks. BUY ON CUTTER Transforms the softened matter into plasma suitable for the Wandering Reactor. Also creates hollow tunnels for the Plunging Blocks. BUY ON DELAMINATOR Breaks molecular bonds of the super-rigid rock plates of the planet to soften them so that the Cutter could continue mining. BUY ON DELAMINATOR Breaks molecular bonds of the super-rigid rock plates of the planet to soften them so that the Cutter could continue mining. BUY ON DELAMINATOR It is a superconducting cable that consists of atomic-molecular tubes arranged together. It is made to transfer the DME that Wandering Reactor generated to the city and factories on the surface. BUY ON DELAMINATOR Breaks molecular bonds of the super-rigid rock plates of the planet to soften them so that the Cutter could continue mining. BUY ON DELAMINATOR Breaks molecular bonds of the super-rigid rock plates of the planet to soften them so that the Cutter could continue mining. BUY ON DME WIRE Superconductive cable composed of graphene nanotubes. Transmits DME energy from the Wandering Reactor to the surface. BUY ON DME WIRE Superconductive cable composed of graphene nanotubes. Transmits DME energy from the Wandering Reactor to the surface. BUY ON DME WIRE Superconductive cable composed of graphene nanotubes. Transmits DME energy from the Wandering Reactor to the surface. BUY ON DME WIRE Superconductive cable composed of graphene nanotubes. Transmits DME energy from the Wandering Reactor to the surface. BUY ON DME WIRE Superconductive cable composed of graphene nanotubes. Transmits DME energy from the Wandering Reactor to the surface. BUY ON Legendary MINE The only way to reach the planet core and get access to substantial sources of energy. Requires mining equipment, upgrades and human resources. When appropriately managed - generates energy (DME token) and therefore profits. Common UNCommon RAre EPIC Legendary Mine PROCESSING Module Processing module lowers the electrostatic potential of the mining system thus increasing the DME output. Mine PROCESSING Module Processing module lowers the electrostatic potential of the mining system thus increasing the DME output. Mine PROCESSING Module Processing module lowers the electrostatic potential of the mining system thus increasing the DME output. Mine PROCESSING Module Processing module lowers the electrostatic potential of the mining system thus increasing the DME output. Mine PROCESSING Module Processing module lowers the electrostatic potential of the mining system thus increasing the DME output. Mine Educational Module Educational module uses a unique neuromodulation technology to stimulate cerebellum and amplify agility. This allows miners to use more sophisticated equipment earlier than usual. Mine Educational Module Educational module uses a unique neuromodulation technology to stimulate cerebellum and amplify agility. This allows miners to use more sophisticated equipment earlier than usual. Mine Educational Module Educational module uses a unique neuromodulation technology to stimulate cerebellum and amplify agility. This allows miners to use more sophisticated equipment earlier than usual. Mine Educational Module Educational module uses a unique neuromodulation technology to stimulate cerebellum and amplify agility. This allows miners to use more sophisticated equipment earlier than usual. Mine Educational Module Educational module uses a unique neuromodulation technology to stimulate cerebellum and amplify agility. This allows miners to use more sophisticated equipment earlier than usual. Mine EMS Module Emergency management system uses powerful high-frequency impulses to suppress the soil vibration around the mine therefore reducing the probability of tectonic plate shifts and tunnel collapse. Mine EMS Module Emergency management system uses powerful high-frequency impulses to suppress the soil vibration around the mine therefore reducing the probability of tectonic plate shifts and tunnel collapse. Mine EMS Module Emergency management system uses powerful high-frequency impulses to suppress the soil vibration around the mine therefore reducing the probability of tectonic plate shifts and tunnel collapse. Mine EMS Module Emergency management system uses powerful high-frequency impulses to suppress the soil vibration around the mine therefore reducing the probability of tectonic plate shifts and tunnel collapse. Mine EMS Module Emergency management system uses powerful high-frequency impulses to suppress the soil vibration around the mine therefore reducing the probability of tectonic plate shifts and tunnel collapse. Mine Expanging Module Expanding module is a powerful boring system capable of drilling through the hardest layers of metamorphic rocks increasing the number of Plunging Blocks operating in the mine. Mine Expanging Module Expanding module is a powerful boring system capable of drilling through the hardest layers of metamorphic rocks increasing the number of Plunging Blocks operating in the mine. Mine Expanging Module Expanding module is a powerful boring system capable of drilling through the hardest layers of metamorphic rocks increasing the number of Plunging Blocks operating in the mine. Mine Expanging Module Expanding module is a powerful boring system capable of drilling through the hardest layers of metamorphic rocks increasing the number of Plunging Blocks operating in the mine. Mine Expanging Module Expanding module is a powerful boring system capable of drilling through the hardest layers of metamorphic rocks increasing the number of Plunging Blocks operating in the mine. Mine Stabilization Module Stabilization system reduces wear of mining equipment by generating a special non-ionizing electromagnetic field that protects metal from excess oxidation. Mine Stabilization Module Stabilization system reduces wear of mining equipment by generating a special non-ionizing electromagnetic field that protects metal from excess oxidation. Mine Stabilization Module Stabilization system reduces wear of mining equipment by generating a special non-ionizing electromagnetic field that protects metal from excess oxidation. Mine Stabilization Module Stabilization system reduces wear of mining equipment by generating a special non-ionizing electromagnetic field that protects metal from excess oxidation. Mine Stabilization Module Stabilization system reduces wear of mining equipment by generating a special non-ionizing electromagnetic field that protects metal from excess oxidation. Ultimate Mine Pack Contains one Mine - a gateway to the core of Eleazar and three mine modules, which improve the characteristics of the mine and make it more appealing to Contractors due to its improved specs. Contains: Mine: 1Randomly contains 3 of 3000 preminted Mining Modules cards.May contain up to 1 Uncommon Area. 1 card total in all drop possible.May contain up to 1 Silver VIP Card. 5 cards total in all drop possible.Total packs quantity: 1000. Preminted cards: Mine Stabilization Module Mine Processing Module Mine Educational ModuleMine Expanding Module Mine EMS Module The probability drawing by rarity: Common - 55%Uncommon - 29%Rare - 10%Epic - 4.5%Legendary - 1.5% BUY ON OR BUY FOR $499 Mine Pack Contains Mine - Essential DeepMine NFT and a chance to draw one of the exclusive DeepMine VIP Card and get access to elite perks, valuable rewards, and special experience. Moreover one this pack has a chance to mint a common Area which is extremely valuable in-game NFT. Contains: Mine: 1May contain up to 1 Bronze VIP Card. 10 cards total in all drop possible.May contain up to 1 Common Area. 1 card total in all drop possible.Total packs quantity: 3000. BUY ON OR BUY FOR $299 Mine Module Pack Contains one of Mining Modules, which will give an advantage to the Mine Owner and will ease the Contractors recruiting.Preminted Contains: Randomly contains 1 of 1000 Mine module cards.Total packs quantity: 1000. Preminted cards: Mine Stabilization Module Mine Processing Module Mine Educational ModuleMine Expanding Module Mine EMS Module The probability drawing by rarity: Common - 55%Uncommon - 29%Rare - 10%Epic - 4.5%Legendary - 1.5% BUY ON OR BUY FOR $99 Genesis Area Pack Contains: NTT Sticker for a free mine.Randomly contains 1 of 500 preminted Area cards.Total packs quantity: 500. Preminted cards: (legendary) DME Springs: 5.(epic) Lava: 15.(rare) Glaciers: 50.(uncommon) Space Debris: 130.(common) Rock Fields 300. BUY ON Genesis Equipment pack Contains 20 cards and has the probability to mint up two extra cards. Total packs quantity: 2500. The probability of drawing by rarity (probability applies to each card in the Paсk): Legendary: 15%.Epic: 30%.Rare: 30%.Uncommon: 15%.Common: 10%. Extra cards probability: Common Area: 0.2%NTT Sticker for a free mine: 10% BUY ON Launch equipment pack Contains 20 cards and has the probability to mint one extra card. Total packs quantity: 5000. The probability of drawing by rarity (probability applies to each card in the Paсk): Legendary: 1%.Epic: 2%.Rare: 10%.Uncommon: 22%.Common: 65%. Extra cards probability: NTT Sticker for a free mine: 1% BUY ON Deep Community Pack Contains 9 cards of equipment. Total quantity: 1000. The probability of drawing by rarity (probability applies to each card in the Paсk): Legendary: 5%.Epic: 10%.Rare: 15%.Uncommon: 20%.Common: 50%. BUY ON Mine Deep To The Story First Play-And-Earn social economy strategy in expanding Sci-Fi metaverse Reimagining the way players cooperate, earn and develop together. Sophisticated and well-balanced economic system to create immersive experience and sustainable long-term ROI. Multichain availability + Why DeepMine Cooperation vs PvP Players need to sign contracts, earn reputation, interact and negotiate. We believe games can be fun and rewarding without fighting others. Cooperation is built into literally every single aspect of gameplay. Competitive economy Multiple economic cycles allow for diverse scenarios and outcomes depending on the level of commitment and investment. This is not yet another click-to-earn title. We are building a world people will enjoy exploring for years to come. Game balance Not a single role in the game is isolated from cooperation with at least one counterparty. Players can choose their gameplay style based on their time and money allowances, as well as on the experience they want from DeepMine. Key features expanding metaverse balanced economy political system and factions inflation protection fully onchain advanced gameplay multi-level interaction clans and corporations anti-whale design multichain support Inside DeepMine DeepMine features different roles that imply various responsibilities with Senators taking the political role, Landlords managing their areas, Factory and Mining owners running the industrial side, Contractors working in mines while Geologists, Engineers and Scientists servicing the production and further exploration. Different roles enable multiple ways to play the game and earn the in-game token thus diversifying user-experience and making the game more engaging. Players economy After initial NFT drops are over, most of the game NFT assets will be produced, upgraded and serviced by the players. DeepMine will only sell non-competitive premium features and starting game packs that will be purchased by new players through fiat. This does not contradict the ”players economy” paradigm as it literally brings new money into the metaverse economy thus creating more demand all existing players benefit from. Marketplaces Introducing both NFT assets and service marketplaces, DeepMine creates an unprecedented level of real economic interaction within the game. Internal NFT marketplace enables blockchain-agnostic approach and full control over offchain attributes. On the other side, service market allows users to interact with each other like they would have in real world. DAO Each DeepMine Сitizen is a part of the DAO and has a certain amount of DAO power to influence the course of the gameplay by voting on initiatives that are put to a vote by Senators and the Government. Either only Senators or all Citizens can participate in the voting depending on the importance and scale of the decision made. DAO power depends on users reputation and the amount of DMP token staked in favor of a certain Senator or a player themselves. Roles Everyone adds to the overall success! Whatever game strategy and tactics fit the player best - they will be able to add value to the community and create value for themselves! Landlord Guided by the principles of the DAO, the government divided the Eleazar's surface into 1000 areas and invited respectable citizens to take over the management of the areas. Mine Owner Manage your own mine and equipment. Mine energy (DME token), hire other players as contractors, upgrade your facilities and join forces with other players to maximize profits. Contractor Mine energy on other mines or lease your equipment to other players so that it works for you even when you are not playing. Engineer / Geologist / Scientist Research and develop unique upgrades for other players and receive rewards. Factory Owner Manage the factory to manufacture mining equipment available for sale on AtomicHub market. Senator Influence the game politics and get paid for the political activity. GAME ECONOMY ROADMAP OPEN METAVERSE DeepMine features a very complicated and sophisticated economy with hundreds of variables resembling a self-sufficient free market economy that can naturally accommodate new inputs without the need of revamping the whole thing. This allows it to substantially integrate other projects from multiple blockchains within DeepMine creating a true metaverse economy where different projects exist separately, but at the same time are deeply interconnected enhancing the experience for each one of them. This is truly the case of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts. 01 Petobots are robotic animals each having a unique functionality and set of characteristics. 02 It is a separate NFT collection which is integrated deeply into the DeepMine metaverse that can be used in DeepMine game to influence certain parameters. 03 Native DeepMine DME and DMP tokens can also be used in the Petobots Project. 04 Petobots are divided into different types affecting their functionality and use cases in the DeepMine metaverse. VISIT WEBSITE Follow DeepMine in socials TOKENS DeepMine features two tokens: DME which is a utility token players mine and use for the basic economic scenarios. DMP serving as a governance token and to access multiple advanced game features. DMP Areas NFT rarity upgrade DAO voting power Staking and farming Advanced gaming scenarios DME Mined by players through the basic economic cycle Used by factories to produce new equipment Burned in Portal in exchange for the governance token Used to purchase some in-game assets User revenue model: Constant engagement revenue: Mining Producing NFTs in the Factory Speciality activities Occasional engagement revenue: Renting out the equipment Receiving fees from Contractors as a Mine Owner Receiving fees from Mine Owners as a Landlord DMP staking in the Portal Senator salary TEAM Management Yaroslav Shakula Acting CEO Sergei Lagutenko Co-founder Mykola Nesen Founder and Product Andrei Rerikh Product Manager Eugene Shakula PR and Operations Advisors Faraj Abutalibov IR and GTM Oleh Mykhaylovych Blockchain and Strategy Daria Dovzhikova Product Management Developers Christina Maxim Art Director Anton Ukhov Motion designer Julia Kuznetsova UX/UI Designer Maksim Kuzin UX/UI Designer Georgii Kudashkin Game Designer Jon Habibulloev Graphic Designer Evgeniy Goryachev Frontend Dev Vitaliy Berekchiyan Frontend Dev Vladislav Khvostov Frontend Dev Serhii Biloborodov Blockchain Dev Vitaly Zhukov Blockchain Dev Kirill Novikov QA PARTNERS Powered by SUBSCRIBE Terms and conditions&nbsp; &nbsp; Imprint ©2022 DEEPMINE METAVERSE DMCC &amp; NES DIGITAL SOLUTIONS LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. We use cookies to make your experience on our website faster and more convenient. Read more I AGREE email subscribtion You have successfully subscribed to our newsletter. Regulary check your email subscribed@gmail.com in order not to miss free drops and updates from DeepMine. Also make sure you follow us on socials: 