 DeFi Saver Help Blog Stats Go to App Advanced DeFi Management. DeFi Saver is a one-stop dashboard for creating, managing and tracking your DeFi positions. 115,000+ Transactions $7B+ Trade volume Go To App Automate your position for the best results Automation can manage your leverage and protect your position from liquidation based on your input, non-custodially and trustlessly. Auto - Boost Auto-Boost can increase your leverage as the market moves higher Auto - Repay Auto-Repay can deleverage your position as the market drops 364 Positions Automated $240.9M Total Automated 50.2K ETH Automated 540.6 WBTC Automated Learn more Create your own DeFi recipes Combine various DeFi actions, create unique protocol interactions and execute them in a single transaction. Create a leveraged Reflexer Safe Leverage DAI to farm COMP Convert MakerDAO Vault to Liquity Trove Move Compound position to Aave v2 Leverage USDC to farm AAVE Create a leveraged Reflexer Safe Leverage DAI to farm COMP Convert MakerDAO Vault to Liquity Trove Move Compound position to Aave v2 Leverage USDC to farm AAVE Create a leveraged Reflexer Safe Leverage DAI to farm COMP Convert MakerDAO Vault to Liquity Trove Move Compound position to Aave v2 Check out our template Recipes or create your own today. Go to App Everything you need in one app All the essential tools for tracking and managing your DeFi portfolio. Portfolio management Manage your DeFi portfolio using dedicated protocol dashboards and advanced features made accessible. Leveraged longs &amp; shorts Create or close leveraged positions in one transaction and manage them with our signature Boost and Repay leverage adjustment options. Loan refinancing tools Change your collateral or debt asset and shift your position between different lending protocols instantly. Lending &amp; borrowing Earn interest on deposited assets, or take out a loan against your collateral using different DeFi lending protocols. Decentralized exchange Perform token swaps at the best rates with liquidity aggregated from multiple exchanges including Uniswap, SushiSwap, Balancer, Curve, and 0x. Custom transaction builder Create unique, complex transactions combining a number of actions from different protocols, flash loans, and token swaps. What our users are saying androolloyd, PleasrDAO DeFi Saver. What a team. Keeping so many positions alive, and always shipping. Truly amazing. DeFi Dad DeFi Saver dummy-proofs all the math of opening and managing a healthy MakerDAO loan. Ashleigh Schap I've been sleeping much better since DeFi Saver came on the scene. Mariano Conti Use tools like DeFi Saver to manage your Vaults - liquidations in MakerDAO are 100% preventable. Bogdan Habic, Tenderly As a user I can sleep peacefully at night knowing my positions are safe and as a technology partner I guarantee they're one of the most hardworking teams in the space. Anthony Sassano, The Daily Gwei If you want an easy-to-use DeFi management platform that supports all of your favorite apps then look no further than DeFi Saver. Robin Schmidt, The Defiant DeFi Saver has really impressed me. Such a great way to learn strategies and build complex DeFi combos. It's a great tool. Danger, Today in DeFi Reduce risk of liquidation or keep collateral at desired levels with DeFi Saver. Legends, thanks for your service! Tetranode, Ethereum Engineer Not concerned about lows thanks to automated liquidation protection from DeFi Saver. Hasu, Paradigm researcher DeFi Saver can deleverage you without incurring any liquidation penalty, they sell just enough principal to keep you solvent. androolloyd, PleasrDAO DeFi Saver. What a team. Keeping so many positions alive, and always shipping. Truly amazing. DeFi Dad DeFi Saver dummy-proofs all the math of opening and managing a healthy MakerDAO loan. Ashleigh Schap I've been sleeping much better since DeFi Saver came on the scene. Mariano Conti Use tools like DeFi Saver to manage your Vaults - liquidations in MakerDAO are 100% preventable. Bogdan Habic, Tenderly As a user I can sleep peacefully at night knowing my positions are safe and as a technology partner I guarantee they're one of the most hardworking teams in the space. Anthony Sassano, The Daily Gwei If you want an easy-to-use DeFi management platform that supports all of your favorite apps then look no further than DeFi Saver. Robin Schmidt, The Defiant DeFi Saver has really impressed me. Such a great way to learn strategies and build complex DeFi combos. It's a great tool. Danger, Today in DeFi Reduce risk of liquidation or keep collateral at desired levels with DeFi Saver. Legends, thanks for your service! Tetranode, Ethereum Engineer Not concerned about lows thanks to automated liquidation protection from DeFi Saver. Hasu, Paradigm researcher DeFi Saver can deleverage you without incurring any liquidation penalty, they sell just enough principal to keep you solvent. androolloyd, PleasrDAO DeFi Saver. What a team. Keeping so many positions alive, and always shipping. Truly amazing. DeFi Dad DeFi Saver dummy-proofs all the math of opening and managing a healthy MakerDAO loan. Ashleigh Schap I've been sleeping much better since DeFi Saver came on the scene. Mariano Conti Use tools like DeFi Saver to manage your Vaults - liquidations in MakerDAO are 100% preventable. Still waiting? Try DeFi Saver today using any of the most popular Ethereum wallets. Go to App DeFi Saver DeFi Saver is a one-stop management solution for decentralized finance protocols. Navigation MakerDAO Liquity Aave Compound Reflexer Tools Leveraged Staking Loan Shifter Recipe Creator Smart Savings Helpful links Knowledge base Blog Terms of service Privacy policy Developed by Decenter. Follow us: 