 Trade Invest TOKENOMICS Launch App Earn more with our smart tools 2712 portfolios 9882 wallets 7668 staking contracts 881 protocols connected INVEST watch this video to see how Top DeFi Platform for Yield Farming &amp; Trading DEFI trading platform Usually, these features are only available for professional traders, or in subscription based trading systems, but with DeFiHelper, you can create your own advanced strategy to buy any liquid or low liquid tokens on the most popular DEXs. trade DEFI YIELD AGGREGATOR &amp; YIELD OPTIMIZER Find a pool to invest in, use auto compounding to boost your APY, protect your investment with 'stop-loss' invest 11 Supported blockchains Ethereum Optimistic Ethereum Cronos BNB Chain Polygon Fantom MoonBeam Moonriver Arbitrum Avalanche Aurora + Suggest Blockchain 881 protocols Connected Uniswap V3 Eth2 LIDO Maker Hex PancakeSwap Aave V2 Polygon Staking Convex Rocket Pool Frax Compound Compound V3 Venus GMX Liquity Sorbet Finance Uniswap V2 SushiSwap Morpho AAVE Trader Joe PancakeSwap V3 ApeStake Yearn V2 Unicrypt VVS Finance Aave V3 Wonderland +853 more + suggest protocol behind the scenes Vladislav Komissarov CEO and founder Vlad has over 17 years of experience in web development. He has launched and managed a number of major ICT products and services on the CIS market. Artem Tolkachev Co-founder Former head of the Blockchain Lab at Deloitte. For over seven years, Artem has been one of the key opinion leaders in the CIS region in blockchain and tokenization. George Goognin Business development George has consulted 5 governments on crypto regulation, has structured over $250m of business loans, and has raised over $11m in venture funding. Ilya Munerman Head of R&amp;D Ilya is the author of our DFH mathematical model. He is the Head of Scoring and Analytics at Interfax, has a PhD in economics, and works as an Assistant Professor at New Economic School and HSE University. Join Us ? Join the team and help build the next generation investment tool Apply DeFiHelper Governance Token (DFH) The DFH token is a governance and yield-generating token Explore DFH Initial circulating supply 34,000,000 DFH (3.4%) 3.4% of total supply will be in circulation upon launch Public Valuation $30,000,000 FDV Max supply 1,000,000,000 DFH Token Utility Governance Profits distribution Discounts and perks for token holders FAQ What is DeFiHelper and what is it for? DeFiHelper is a management assistant app for crypto portfolios of any size.The app is used for automating and boosting returns on DeFi investments.DFH provides a comprehensive overview of the entire portfolio, automates routine actions,reports on important market-related events, saves on fees, and helps users earn more on their investments.In the near future, users will also be able to find investment strategies on the DFH marketplace or create their own and earn a percentage ofthe profits received from the users who apply them. How exactly does DeFiHelper help earn more? DeFiHelper can restake tokens automatically and helps users earn more using the power of compound interest. The mathematical model developed by the DFH team makes decisions based on fees, token prices, and other factors. Ready-made, high-yield investment strategies devised by other users can be applied (available soon) and followed. Users can also create their own strategies and earn a percentage of the profits received from the users who apply them. DeFiHelper monitors and reports on sudden changes in profitability, important market-related events, impermanent loss, as well as changes in a crypto portfolio. What is the mathematical model behind DeFiHelper? The mathematical model developed by the DFH team manages portfolios more efficiently than any human ever could.We have written a dedicated article about the algorithms applied in DeFiHelper. How does DeFiHelper make money? Part of DeFiHelper's functionality is available on a paid basis. It includes notifications ($10 per 1,000 messages) and automation ($1 per executed action plus network fee). How does the automation functionality of DFH work? DFH allows users to automate many actions, depending on certain conditions, such as gas price, time etc. After executing a script, the system hands over control to a special smart contract. DFH manages user portfolios via this contract. The smart contract and funds are always under the user's control. Security is paramount for DFH. All smart contract code is open and anyone can perform an audit of any DFH script. Which wallets does DeFiHelper support? MetaMask, TrustWallet, Ledger, Trezor, Coinbase, WalletConnect, Binance, Fortmatic, Portis, WavesKeeper, WavesExchange. Which blockchains does DeFiHelper support? The following blockchains are supported: Ethereum, BNB Chain, Avalanche and Polygon. Support for other popular networks will be added in the near future. How can I help the project? If you are a developer, you can help with building new features. The community prioritizes the most important tasks via voting. The team then initiates the allocation of a budget for the development of such functionality. Payment is made in native DFH tokens. The tokens are allocated gradually in accordance with the schedule that is embedded in a smart contract. This is to incentivize developers to support their code for some time after release. In total, 30% of the total emission of DFH tokens is allocated for development. If you do not have any programming skills, you can help in other ways by creating content, maintaining chats in local languages, or helping establish partnerships. All contributions are paid in DFH tokens. For more details, please visit the Tokenomics page. What is the DFH token used for? The DFH token is used for participation in governance and for distributing income generated by the protocol. What is the supply and distribution of DFH tokens? The initial supply will be set at 1 billion DFH tokens. The tokens will be distributed in accordance with the following percentages: 250,000,000 (25%) — grants for development during the first three years of operation. 170,000,000 (17%) — private and public token sale rounds. 120,000,000 (12%) — core team allocation. 110,000,000 (11%) — marketing budget for the first year of operation. 100,000,000 (10%) — Rewards for early investors who fund the development and launch of the protocol. 100,000,000 (10%) — tokens allocated for distribution through liquidity pools during the first year of operation. 80,000,000 (8%) — bonus tokens for early adopters. 70,000,000 (7%) — grants for DeFiHelper Advisors. How do I buy DFH tokens? DFH tokens are not available yet. After the launch, they can be obtained in several ways: Private and public token sale rounds. Purchased on exchanges (Uniswap, Waves, Pancakeswap). Received in exchange for liquidity (staking). Received as a development grant. Received as a grant for help with content, promotion, or moderation. Received as a bonus when using the paid features of DeFiHelper (temporary promotion). What are the addresses of DFH smart contracts? You can find all DFH smart contract addresses on the Contracts page. Who is on the DeFiHelper team? DeFiHelper was created by an experienced team composed of the former and current employees of BondAppetit, Tokenomica, Deloitte, Mail.ru Group and Artemy Lebedev Studio: Vladislav Komissarov is the founder and head of the project. CTO of BondAppetit . Vladislav has about 20 years of experience as a developer and technical director in many IT projects. Artem Tolkachev is a co-founder. Former Head of the Blockchain Lab at Deloitte. Ilya Munerman is the developer of the mathematical models used in DeFiHelper. He has a PhD in economics, leads the Interfax scoring systems project, and works as an Assistant Professor at New Economic School and HSE University . Investors and partners As Featured in security Security audits Documents Your money is only your money Security is at the forefront of DeFiHelper. Each automation is represented by a special contract, which the user has to 'copy' and transfer money to, rather than buying some tokens and investing in 'special' pools. All of our source code is open, and audited by major players in the crypto market. join our community News channel Community chat Twitter Discord Medium Github Subscribe to receive our news and updates Join Protocol Governance Tokenomics Contracts Coingecko CoinMarketCap Etherscan Roadmap Social News channel Community chat Twitter Discord Medium Github Join Us Join the team and work on the future of DeFi with us Apply 