 Discover Why DCHF? How it works Go to the App Go to the App ReDEFIning Stability . The DeFi Franc (DCHF) is a decentralized stablecoin, pegged to the Swiss Franc - The most secure, trusted and stable fiat currency in the world. The DeFi Franc is over-collateralized and is created through loans which are backed by ETH and WBTC. Launch App Learn How DCHF Works Value of DCHF 1 DCHF = 1.05 CHF Total Value Locked $3,334,410 Holder 5,356 Collateral Ratio 278.52% Why DCHF? In times of uncertainty people have always been trusting the Swiss Franc more than other currencies which is also the case right now. In 2022 the US-Inflation reached double-digits while Switzerland kept theirs at 2.8%. This is due to Switzerland's neutrality, financial stability through its own central bank and a strong economy which isn’t affected as much by outside happenings. Learn More Stable Useable Decentralized Over-Collateralized The story The Swiss Franc has proven to perform far better than other currencies like the USD over the course of the past 50 years. In 1971 one USD was worth over 4 CHF while today 50 years later 1 CHF is approximately worth 1 USD. An over 400% gain in 50 years. Learn More For who? DCHFs are created through loans backed by Ethereum which means you can use Ethereum as collateral and take out loans in DCHF to use it as you wish. - No restrictions. The DCHF Ecosystem allows for cheap loans at only a one-time fee of 0.5%. Use your DCHF in DeFi and build a passive income while still holding ETH and benefitting from a stable currency like the Swiss Franc. For Individuals For Exchanges A stablecoin built for DeFi For Developers How it works The DCHF is over-collateralized at all times through users ETH deposits. This creates maximum security for the whole ecosystem. Deposit ETH Use your ETH as collateral by depositing it into the DCHF protocol. Borrow DCHF Borrow against your ETH at a collateralization ratio of only 110% and only pay a one-time fee of 0.5% on your loan Use DCHF Use your DCHF in the DCHF Ecosystem to earn yields on decentralized finance ecosystems or use it to leverage them DCHF Discover Why DCHF? How it works Learn more Terms of Service Privacy Imprint 