 Products Clusters Stables DHV token Impulses Docs Whitepaper Roadmap Onepager Company About us Help center Blog Claim your DHV Launch APP Claim your DHV Launch APP Benefit from well-balanced crypto indexes DeHive helps anyone gain the maximum possible annual yield on cryptocurrencies even if you have zero experience in trading. Secured by: Launch APP Find us on Who benefits from DeHive? Small investors around $100 As long as you have $100 or even less, you can become a part of the community and benefit from all DeHive features. Get crypto indexes, use an automatic compound interest tool for your assets, and optimize your returns with a limited budget. No need to wait – make your money work now and benefit with DeHive! Mid-size investors from $1.000 Day trading is so out-of-date! Gain better returns with innovative DeHive products, a blockchain index, and an automatic compound interest tool. And don’t bother picking the most promising tokens – our experts have selected the best-performing coins in a particular market segment to ensure optimal returns. Large investors from $10.000 Crypto indexes are one of the most efficient tools for long-term passive trading. They offer greater portfolio diversification, lower risks and fees, automatic asset selection, and better long-term returns, allowing you to get stable passive income with less effort. Benefit from highly secure index crypto tokens with DeHive! Top crypto in one index DeHive Cluster is a yield-generating DeFi crypto index that unites the best-performing tokens into one basket. Every Cluster is carefully composed by our experts to reflect a particular market segment and bring maximum profit. Users can stake and farm Clusters on the DeHive platform and earn a yield on the assets included in the index token. Learn more Earn yield on stablecoins DeHive Stables are stable DeFi instruments that help optimize returns, get automatic compound interest on staking stablecoins, and receive predictable passive income even during the market recession. At the moment, we provide users with high-yield stable Cluster pools and Impulses, but more stable tools are coming soon. Learn more Auto-compound interest on DeFi DeHive Impulse is an innovative tool that facilitates trading, helps users diversify and accumulate their crypto portfolio. It is based on the principle of automatic compound interest and works by adding the interest on assets to the initial investment, thus enabling interest on interest and boosting profit without any real access to users’ funds. Learn more DHV token DHV is the native utility token of the DeHive platform that allows you to benefit from a chosen DeFi index (or all of them). Stake your tokens and earn even more DHV with DeHive solo staking opportunities. Learn more Join the Hive to learn more about our DeFi index fund and stay on top of the news Join Telegram Join Discord Partners &amp; Integrations Gain profit on top crypto indexes! Launch app We are featured in 2023 © DeHive finance, Powered by Blaize Contact us Send Email Join Telegram Join Discord Onepager Blog Roadmap Whitepaper Help center Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie notice Notice and disclaimer 