 Home Dream Machine Reward Shop Dented Not Broken Connect Wallet Traits Packs now openable! Dream Machine ENTER THE MACHINE MOOD SWINGS Mood Swings Vol. 1 is the first ever NFT collection to feature expansion packs of collectable trait cards customizable with the Genesis Collection. Mood Swings Vol. 1 has a limited supply of 4,000 – including 999 1st edition cards – with a clean rarity structure. Mood Swings trait packs are free and claimable within the Feels Shop via Feels Points. A small portion of the initial supply is kept in reserve stock to be available as redeemable prizes in the feel shop after the initial drop. The Mood Swing collection is built for expansion. Collectors can continuously look forward to ongoing collaborative trait drops, seasonal traits, honorary 1 of 1s, and further volumes of Mood Swings. All of which can be collected/traded separately, or customized with Dented Feel to be collected/traded as a single NFT. 1st Edition trait packs coming August 2022. Start stacking your Feels Points! Shop Mood Swings FEELS SHOP FAQ The Feels Shop is the decentralized marketplace for the Dented Art ecosystem. Collectors receive daily rewards (Feels Points) that can be redeemed for prizes in the Feels Shop. Prizes are made redeemable via direct purchases, raffles, and future redeemable systems yet to be built. Prizes include: NFT Expansion Traits, Dream Frames, NFT Art Giveaways, Signed NFT Prints, Hand-Drawn Physical Dented Dreams (by Dentin), Honorary 1-of-1 Traits, IRL Merchandise, and much more. To begin collecting Feels Points, a collector connects their wallet by clicking CONNECT in the top menu bar. 1 Feels Point is awarded daily for each Dented Feel in the connected wallet. Dented Feels listed for sale on public marketplaces are not eligible for Feels Point rewards. Enter Shop LIMITED SUPPLY 1ST EDITIONS DENTED DREAMS Dented Dreams is the dynamic evolution of the Dented Art Ecosystem.Using the Dream Machine, collectors can connect one Dented Feel and one empty Dream Frame to upgrade their Dented Feel into a Dented Dream. The Dream Machine allows for the option to connect up to three Mood Swings to customize various aspects of a Dented Dream. The Dream Machine also has a recycling component, allowing Dented Dreams to be deconstructed and returned back to the Dented Feel, Mood Swings, and Dream Frame components. As the Dented Dream collection continues to grow, further innovations will be made around Gamification, dynamic art traits, project collaborations, IRL brand collaborations, easter eggs. The possibilities are endless. GALLERY Browse DENTED FEELS Dented Feels is an emotionally intelligent art collection birthed from the rubble of the founding artist’s broken dreams.Now a collection of 11,111 generative art pieces, this collection holds the emotional struggle and triumph that Dentin experienced as he fought to breakthrough as an artist.By channeling his Mood Swings into the Dented Feels collection, Dentin was able to create his Dented Dream. The genesis collection is made up of more than 200 custom illustrated traits, each like a line from a visual artist’s journal, cataloged in real time, transformed into visual metaphor. The collection represents visually what can be hard to express verbally; a various combinations of complex, chaotic and beautiful emotions, laid bare for the world to experience. Today, the Dented Feels collection is held by a community of like-minded collectors, all of whom are champions of the Dented Feels montra: Dented, Not Broken. GALLERY Browse DENTED TEAM Dentin Artist/Founder TW IG Team: Evaded Core TW IG Dkalo Core TW IG Paolo Core TW IG Veronica Core TW IG Hesh Ladson Support TW Jordan Chalmers Support TW IG Spacefern Support TW Obi Support TW Flux Developer TW Simon Developer TW TheChuckT Developer TW Evuls Developer TW DENTEDFEELS 2022 Privacy Policy T&amp;C TWITTER DISCORD INSTAGRAM DENTEDNOTBROKEN 