 Skip to content <div class="elementor-element elementor-element-28a9cd4 elementor-nav-menu__align-left elementor-nav-menu--stretch elementor-nav-menu--dropdown-tablet elementor-nav-menu__text-align-aside elementor-nav-menu--toggle elementor-nav-menu--burger elementor-widget elementor-widget-nav-menu" data-id="28a9cd4" data-element_type="widget" data-settings="{&quot;full_width&quot;:&quot;stretch&quot;,&quot;submenu_icon&quot;:{&quot;value&quot;:&quot; &quot;,&quot;library&quot;:&quot;&quot;},&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;horizontal&quot;,&quot;toggle&quot;:&quot;burger&quot;}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> MEMBERS NEWS HOUSE OF DAW HEAT MAP TEAM Menu MEMBERS NEWS HOUSE OF DAW HEAT MAP TEAM MINT Color outside the lines. Find yourself in web3. Come for the Art, stay for the Community! A startup, a venture, entrepreneurs with ambitious plans, not a project. Previous Next DESPERATE APEWIVES COMMUNITY As one of the first collections of female characters, the DAW community is a platform promoting creativity of all kinds, by all people. DAW is here to challenge the status quo of representation and beauty standards in Web3. Together, our diverse community creates high-end experiences in art, fashion, music, and celebration to bridge the digital and IRL worlds. We’re here to promote the evolution of collectors, artists, and brands, empowering them to emerge in Web3 and beyond. Owners Loading... Volume Traded Loading... Highest Sale DAW #845 was purchased for 87 ETH June NFT.NYC DAW Yacht Party June - July House of DAW Genesis Drop July Arcade x DAW Web3 Gaming Experience See more FIND YOURSELF IN THE COLLECTION Get your very own DAW on OpenSea to join our community. Meet the ApeWives DAW #8119 collected for 50 ETH by n0b0dy.eth OUR VISION - AN INCLUSIVE WEB3 DAW’s vision is a world of limitless creative freedom for all, regardless of who they are. Where everyone can find a representation of themselves in the collection or through our experiences, make and share wild art, music, writing, fashion, memes, and more. Where artists of all kinds have a platform to push the limits of what’s possible and impact more people with their work. And where brands can find ways to express themselves in the metaverse and beyond. THE DAW COLLECTION We originally dropped 10,000 unapologetic female ape characters in October 2021. The collection was carefully designed and curated to represent influential and iconic women and styles in history and pop culture. Each Desperate Apewife is unique and algorithmically generated from over 218 traits. DAWs are stored as ERC-721 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain and hosted on IPFS. DAW #2143 collected for 40 ETH by DanManDo JOIN THE COMMUNITY BRAND COLLABS DAW collaborates directly with leading brands who need to enter the metaverse and represent themselves in web3 with existing or custom Desperate ApeWives characters. Partner brands share DAW’s values of inclusivity and high-quality, with projects like Samsara Luggage, The Red Ape Family, INOKIM, Multeez, and more. Partner brands give exclusive benefits to the DAW community. HOUSE OF DAW A digital fashion brand, empowering web3 users with ways to express themselves across the metaverse in VR, AR, gaming, phygital, and IRL. House of DAW drops digital wearables and physical clothes under its own brand and through collaborations with traditional and emerging fashion brands. EMERGING ARTIST INITIATIVES DAW’s Emerging Artist Partnership Program creates opportunities for emerging or under-represented artists to promote their high-end art using the DAW platform. Artists get exposure to the DAW community and the NFT space. The program is not limited to artists in the community. Applications open! DIGITAL FASHION MENTORSHIP PROGRAM A goal-oriented three-month program that helps up-and-coming digital fashion designers get into Fashion 3.0 and work with industry experts in crypto and fashion. The aim of the program is to bring in emerging or under-represented voices and connect between IRL fashion and web3 fashion. Applications open! HEAT MAP We can now visually see all DAW holders around the world and connect, plan meet-ups and collaborate easily. You never know, there could be a DAW in your state/country waiting to meet you. Let’s connect! Click Here BENEFITS Join our community to promote creativity of all kinds, by all people. Challenge the status quo of representation and beauty standards in Web3. Be part of an inclusive community with room for everyone to express themselves creatively Community- first values Community- first values When you hold a DAW, you’re not just purchasing digital art. DAW membership means being part of a diverse network of supportive people that empower each other to succeed in Web3 and beyond. Invitations to IRL and metaverse events Invitations to IRL and metaverse events Together, we’re raising the bar for the quality of community, art, and web3 experiences. Get invitations to VIP world-class IRL and metaverse events, exhibitions and experiences. Members-only offers from brands Members-only offers from brands Brands that collaborate with Desperate ApeWives give our members insider access to promotions and benefits. ​​New and exciting brand collaborations are underway. Holders can find current promotions in the members-only section. Exclusive airdrops Exclusive airdrops DAW holders get exclusive airdrops from DAW events, collaborations with emerging artists, partnerships with brands, limited-edition releases from House of DAW, and future collections. Members-only digital fashion brand Members-only digital fashion brand Express yourself in web3 with style for the metaverse and beyond with the House of DAW digital fashion brand. Holders access private wearables sales and IRL limited-edition capsule collections. Own full IP rights to your DAW Own full IP rights to your DAW When buying a DAW, individuals and entities are automatically granted the full IP and commercial usage rights. This means there’s no limit to what you can do with your DAW commercially. We provide guidance for businesses utilizing their DAW IP. AS SEEN IN “Desperate ApeWives NFTs Debut Official ‘Ape’s Anthem’” See more MEMBERS TOOLS The following is a rarity tool to help you identify (objectively) how rare your Desperate ApeWife is. Please bear in mind that these are 3rd party tools and every placing of your ApeWife rarity and value is subjective. rarity.tools THE TEAM DAW was created by friends who dipped their toes in the NFT space, got hooked and decided to go all in. We are here to ignite an already very flammable space. THE FLORIST. Fashion Connoisseur. THE GARDENER. OG Traditional Art Market Collector. ARCHER MCCALL. The Creative Outlaw. ANNA. Web Master. VERIFIED SMART CONTRACT ADDRESS: VIEW ON ETHERSCAN DAW Terms &amp; Conditions © 2021 Desperate ApeWives Web Design &amp; Development – gba Scroll to Top 