 Exchange Balances Orders Account Sign in Sign up English English 简体中文 DEx.top Instant Trading on Chain Decentralized Exchange Incubated by BITMAIN Smart Contract "Your funds are secure" - A Promise from the Code Your deposits directly go to the smart contract, and your orders are signed by your private key. The smart contract ensures that your orders are executed or expire correctly and that withdrawals from your balance always go back to your wallet. DEx.top has no custody of or access to your funds, nor your private key. It is just a service of order matching and a source of liquidity. Don't trust the words - read the code. Instant Trading Order placing, canceling, matching and executing are all instant - no waiting for blockchain confirmation. It is made possible by our RoC (Replayed-on-Chain) mechanism: trading actions are confirmed on the off-chain ledger of DEx.top at first, and then asynchronously sent to the blockchain for settlement. The action sequence will be "replayed" by the smart contract to produce exactly the same trading history. Less Gas, More Features DEx.top smart contract is heavily optimized for gas cost efficiency. It uses bit-compaction to minimize the amount of input data and the size of contract state. It supports batch processing which can significantly reduce the amortized gas cost of trade execution (see our gas cost chart). No gas cost for unfilled orders. Cost reduced, not the features - DEx.top smart contract supports Hard Order Cancellation, Checked Order Expiration, Fee Rebates and much more. Partners Обычно с загрузкой Pinup у пользователей не возникает проблем, но с учетом некоторых ограничений для ряда стран иногда нужны альтернативы. В том числе подойдет мобильная версия или Пин Ап зеркало. Найти актуальную ссылку поможет администрация игорного заведения. При переходе на запасной сайт сохраняется сумма на счету и все данные. About API Fee Announcements Contact Us Apply to list Terms and Conditions Notice English © 2022 DEx.top Inc. 