 top of page dexGO&nbsp; Marketplace Gameplay Routes Guide Roadmap Contacts WhitePaper Еще Use tab to navigate through the menu items. dexGO Earn by walking the real routes What is the dexGO&nbsp; dexGO is a game created for healthy lifestyle growth, traveling and earning. It's easy: put on NFT sneakers and go on a journey through the routes of your own city, get money for this. Our mission Attracting people to active lifestyle and traveling through their own city using the technologies of the future - augmented reality and blockchain. dexGO makes it possible to turn your steps into real money. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Oleksii Vynogradov Founder of dexGO Go with us Khreshchatyk Golden Gate Arch of Freedom Andriivskyi Descent Travel through your own city We have created special routes through major cities of Ukraine to make your walks even more interesting.&nbsp; Amazing places invisible to the public eye and wonderful places hidden in corners add mystery and unpredictability to the routes. Play game with augmented reality Go on a journey between the real world and the virtual universe. Games, quests and tours of the city with augmented reality are waiting for you. Earn with dexGO 02 Invite friends and earn on the referral system 03 Invest in NFT-assets of the game and increase your capital 01 Go through the route&nbsp; and get a reward&nbsp; Ready for adventure?&nbsp; Go with us Our advantages New level of gameplay Augmented reality creates a more realistic experience than just walking around. Interact with game objects and characters in real time and space. Discovery of secret places Players can explore new locations by following specially designed dexGO mystery routes. Ancient buildings and courtyards, estates, rare photo locations and much more in the game. It's available to all of you Due to the interesting gameplay, the game can attract millions of people to a healthy lifestyle and walking around their own city. Opportunities to earn Put on sneakers, go for a walk, complete an exciting route and get a well-deserved reward. NFT sneakers Space pioneers Stamina 10 km non-stop Details Buy Trailblazer Stamina 12 km non-stop Details Buy Top-tokers Stamina 15 km non-stop Details Buy Cyber warriors Stamina 19 km non-stop Details Buy Robots Stamina 25 km non-stop Details Buy dexGO sneakers are unique NFTs, each of the five pairs has its own design. Sneakers are stored on the blockchain, which makes it possible to become the owner of rare copies NFTs. 1 2 To walk the routes, you need to buy sneakers. In each pair, you can travel a limited number of kilometers non-stop, that is, without stopping to recharge. 3 You can buy, sell, trade or rent their sneakers. Each new purchase increases the value of the NFT object by 0.2%. You can view the current value of NFT in the smart contract. To the marketplace Roadmap Q3 Q4 2022 Q3 2023 Q1 2024 Smart contracts are launched. Integration with OpenBiSea NFT marketplace. Pre-sale of NFT sneakers worth $20,000. Release of a demo version of the game. dexGO closed beta test.&nbsp; Release of dexGO 1.0 with localization in the city of Kyiv. &nbsp; dexGO release with localization in Poland, France, UK and USA. Start of adaptation of brands in dexGO. Building new partnerships. Start marketing in social networks. Q1 Q2 2023 dexGO release with localization in the cities: Lviv, Odesa, Kharkiv, Dnipro. Expanding the network of partnerships. Q4 2023 Our team from experienced developers to influential influencers Founder Oleksii Vinogradov Serial entrepreneur and investor with twenty-five years of experience. Founder of CFC, Heartln Inc. President/Owner of IXC Softswitch. &nbsp; COO Oleg Bondar Chief Executive Officer with 12+ years of experience in the position of CEO company for the development of retail stores of various world brands. COO Oksana Tsibka Operations management, finance, consulting. 20+ years of experience in development and project management, launching startup projects, budgeting. Get into the closed beta test&nbsp; Send Thanks, check your e-mail. Go to community WhitePaper PitchDeck Tik-Tok Twitter Telegram Instagram alex@ openbisea.com © dexGO, 2023 bottom of page 