 Quests Claims Adventure Hub Connect Wallet Quests Claims Adventure Hub Connect Wallet Adventure Hub Visit the Adventure Hub for games we've made in partnership with Web3 Game Developers Visit Now Digi Chibis! Get ready to be charmed by the irresistible DigiDaigaku Genesis Chibis! These adorable Bitcoin Ordinals are the perfect addition to your digital collection! Don't miss your chance to own a piece of the future! Learn More Giant Dragon Quest Become a part of NFT history with the Giant Dragon Quest! This epic adventure began with the largest ever live NFT mint during the DigiDaigaku Big Game commercial. Embark on a new quest to merge your rare Baby Dragon with the elusive Dragon Essence to create the ultimate Giant Dragon! Do you have what it takes to possess this legendary creature. Start Transforming How to Transform Baby Dragon Quest These tiny but mighty creatures are more than just cute, they possess a feisty spirit and adventurous nature, Hatch yours now! Start Revealing How to Reveal Unmasking Quest Which class, enhancement and weapon(s) will your Villain have? Connect your wallet and start your Unmasking Quest now! Start Unmasking How to Unmask Adventure Hub Visit the Adventure Hub for games we've made in partnership with Web3 Game Developers Visit Now Digi Chibis! Get ready to be charmed by the irresistible DigiDaigaku Genesis Chibis! These adorable Bitcoin Ordinals are the perfect addition to your digital collection! Don't miss your chance to own a piece of the future! Learn More Latest News ← → The Evolution of The DigiDaigaku Universe Core Collections Genesis Born from the celestial realms, the DigiDaigaku Genesis collection is an ensemble of unparalleled characters that display a range of diverse talents. From soulful singing to gravity defying skateboarding, the possibilities are endless. This collection was Limit Break's first foray into the world of digital collections that was MINTED for FREE. Join us on this journey like no other. View on OpenSea Heroes This marked the start of our Quest System - combining collections to craft a one-of-kind digital collectible. Merge a Digi Genesis and Spirit or burn the Spirit to create a unique HERO that inherits 1 of 3 powerful bloodlines: the Supreme ROYAL BLOODLINE, the fearless WARRIOR BLOODLINE, or the elusive ROGUE BLOODLINE. Each bloodline boasts distinct traits, so choose wisely. It's time for your hero to rise from the ashes and seize its destiny. View on OpenSea Super Villains As the skies grow dim, These masterful villains descend from the shadows, shrouding the world in darkness. Super Villains come equipped with the most formidable and dangerous weaponry, forged from the fires of malice and honed to perfection. They wield a diverse range of powers that are unmatched in their ability to decimate their enemies and bend the world to their will. Embark on an epic journey, to unravel the mystery and discover the legend with your own Super Villain. View on OpenSea Villains The shadows hold dark tales, waiting to be uncovered. From the darkness, the Villains rise, igniting the start of their sinister story. Armed with deadly weapons and unique abilities, each Villain is a mystery waiting to be unravelled. Join us on the journey to uncover the tale of your own Villain. View on OpenSea Dragon Eggs Prepare to be entranced by the mysterious and coveted collection of Dragon Eggs that harbour secrets beyond imagination. Within its ethereal depths lie 10 distinct types of eggs, each possessing a unique and arcane power waiting to be released. Each Egg holds the potential to give rise to a magnificent dragon. Only those deemed worthy can possess these mystical treasures and unleash their true potential. Enter the Dragon Egg collection and unlock the mysteries that lie within. View on OpenSea Baby Dragons Welcome to the enchanting world of DigiDaigaku Baby Dragons, where amazement and wonder are brought to life! These tiny but mighty creatures are more than just cute, they possess a feisty spirit and adventurous nature that will capture your heart and mind! With fluttering wings and playful personalities, Baby Dragons are a true delight to behold. Join us on this epic adventure, and experience the thrill of bonding with these amazing creatures! View on OpenSea Giant Dragons Behold the majesty and power of DigiDaigaku Giant Dragons. As a collector of DigiDaigaku Baby Dragons and Dragon Essence, you subdue the very essence of Chaos, Courage, or Life into your Dragon. Unleash the full potential of these legendary creations and embark on an unforgettable quest with DigiDaigaku Giant Dragons. View on OpenSea Digi Chibis! Dive into the captivating world of DigiDaigaku Genesis Chibis, our first-ever Bitcoin Ordinals collection! Embrace the delightful charm of these cute, Digi-inspired collectibles, each one a testament to creativity and innovation. With only 2022 in the collection, these exclusive Chibis are a groundbreaking venture into the world of Bitcoin Ordinals. And the best part? They’re distributed for FREE amongst those who own a DigiDaigaku Genesis. Join us on our next journey with @DigiDaigaku Chibis, and become a part of the next frontier in collectible digital art! Crafting Collections Spirits Unleash the true potential of these powerful entities that were once confined within the Genesis. As a collector, you have the power to merge your Genesis with a Spirit or burn your Spirit to unlock a new Hero digital collectible. Choose wisely, as each Hero comes in 1 of 3 distinct bloodlines: the supreme Royal, brave Warrior, or the regal Rogue. Your strategic mind will be put to the test as you make the right choice and bask in the glory of the Spirits' untamed power. View on OpenSea Dark Spirits Every Genesis is balanced by a dark side that is required to maintain peace and order. But these malevolent forces have been unleashed and seek a new master who will harness their power for Evil. Unlock the power of Dark Spirits! Dark Spirits are one key part of the Super Villain Potions that bring forth the most fearsome villains. Collectors can either craft a Super Villain Potion with both Dark Spirit and Dark Hero Spirit or craft a lesser Villain Potion with just one Dark Spirit. Check out the Villain and Super Villain Potions for a list of recipes waiting to be crafted. For potions to work, you must have a Masked Villain. Do you have the courage to harness the full potential of the Dark Spirits? View on OpenSea Dark Hero Spirits Genesis were not the only ones to bear the shadow. So do the Heroes! Dark Hero Spirits hold the other half of the key to unlock the key to craft the Super Villain potion. But beware, the art of brewing this potion is not for the faint of heart. The Super Villain Potion requires that both Dark Spirit and Dark Hero Spirit be burned. However, collectors have a choice to craft a lesser Villain potion by burning a Dark Hero Spirit. Check out the Villain and Super Villain Potions for a list of recipes waiting to be crafted. For potions to work, you must have a Masked Villain. Beware! Only those with a sharp mind and insatiable thirst for power will be able to harness the full potential of the Dark Hero Spirits. View on OpenSea Villain Potions Villain Potions are created by harnessing the energy of a single Dark Spirit or Dark Hero Spirit, burned to extract its unique properties and give rise to a set of new abilities to your Villain. For the potion to work, collectors must have a Masked Villain to pair with it. Choose your potion wisely! There’s a list of different abilities you can select to imbue your Villain with. The successful use of a Villain Potion will increase a Masked Villain's standing in the community and solidify their reputation as a powerful force to be reckoned with. View on OpenSea Super Villain Potions Super Villain Potions are the ultimate enhancement for Masked Villains looking to reach new heights of power and prestige. For these potions, you must have a Masked Villain to pair with. Unlike Villain Potions, Super Villain Potions are crafted from a unique combination of Dark Spirit AND Dark Hero Spirit. This combination gives Super Villain Potions a level of versatility and customization that sets them apart from other types of villain. Super Villain Potions offer the best enhancements, upgrades, and armaments. For those who are able to successfully craft a Super Villain Potion, the rewards are substantial, offering the ultimate upgrade to Masked Villains looking to take their power and standing in the villainous community to the next level. View on OpenSea Masked Villains The Masked Villains hide in the shadows, patiently waiting for a new owner that is worthy of witnessing their evil potential. Collectors may enter their Masked Villains through the Unmasking Quest, where they have the option of using Villain or Super Villain potions to enhance their villain with new classes, weapon upgrades, and enhancements. View on OpenSea Dragon Essence Dragon essence is a potent and mysterious substance that flows within the veins of dragons, imbuing them with extraordinary abilities, strength beyond measure, and the knowledge of their ancestors. It is said that dragon essence can be harnessed to unlock the full potential of baby dragons, allowing them to evolve and mature into their full majestic form. Do you have what it takes to harness the full potential of your dragon? View on OpenSea Adventure Key Collections Castaways Adventure Key Join this exclusive adventure of DigiDaigaku and Castaways with a Castaways Adventure Key! With a Castaway Adventure Key, enter a world of endless excitement - fish, build, hunt for treasure, and more! And the best part? You get to do it as a DigiDaigaku Genesis character. This adventure is exclusive so grab your Castaways Adventure Key and join now! View on OpenSea Ether Orcs Adventure Key Join this exclusive adventure of DigiDaigaku and Ether Orcs with an EtherOrcs Adventure Key! With an EtherOrcs Adventure Key, enter an immersive web3 gaming experience where players can explore a custom built world, battle fearsome enemies, earn precious loot, and craft deadly weapons. View on OpenSea Join our community Join our community of Digi collectors on Twitter and Discord to stay updated with the latest news and announcements. Twitter Discord Instagram Copyright © 2023 DigiDaigaku. All rights reserved. Home Quests Claims Adventure Hub Press Inquiries Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Do Not Sell My Info Cookie Settings Accept Terms You must accept our Terms in order to continue I agree to the Quest Terms Connect Wallet 