 Mint Mining Dashboard Roadmap Gallery Docs Mint Your BTC Miner &nbsp;&nbsp; Stake Your Miner NFT &nbsp;&nbsp; Enjoy BTC mining income &nbsp;&nbsp; Perpetual BTC mining APY, Value-preserving NFT Location Blur Ridge, NC, United States Electric Power Load 4MW. Mining rigs type S19j pro+ Location Murphy, NC, United States. Electric Power Load 15MW. Mining rigs type S19j pro+ Location Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. Electric Power Load 4.6MW. Mining rigs type S19j pro+ Preview Preview Preview Preview Preview Preview Preview Preview Preview Lizard BTCMiner (NFT). Unprecedentedly User-friendly BTC mining. BTC mining is an industry with high profitability but also a high entry barrier. DigiMint makes it user-friendly. No need to worry about mining rigs, electricity costs, Bitcoin protocols, mining pools... Leave the complex mining operations to Lizard BTCMiner (NFT). All you need to do is Mint, stake, and enjoy stable BTC mining APY. Mint Price: $100 Stake Estimate APY(BTC) : 55% DigiMint Protocol ensures that BTCMiner NFTs represent continuous mining capabilities and ever-upgrading mining rigs. You can hold and enjoy the mining rewards from it for a lifetime. Docs FAQ How to join BTC mining through DigiMint? Mint or buy some BTCMiners, and then stake them. You can mint some BTCMiners during the release of a new batch of BTCMiners by visiting the official website. If the batch has already sold out, you can also explore NFT Marketplaces(e.g. Opensea) to purchase one. How long does it take to break even? You can withdraw and sell your BTCMiner NFT at any time to recover your principal. And because BTCMiner has perpetual and continuously upgraded mining capabilities, its market price has good support and may even increase in the long term as Bitcoin gradually rises. How does DigiMint ensure the security of mining assets? DigiMint's mining rigs are distributed and securely hosted in mining farms worldwide. All mining farms that join DigiMint undergo rigorous evaluation, and all the mining data is publicly transparent. Where does the team's income come from? The team's income comes from the fees within the mining protocol, which accounts for approximately 2% of the mining revenue. What is the money from minting NFTs used for? The funds from minting NFTs (BTCMiner) are entirely used to purchase mining machines. Why can BTCMiner maintain perpetual BTC mining revenue? Because a portion of mining rewards is used for continuous purchasing and upgrading of mining machine hash power, ensuring that the mining capabilities of the BTCMiners continue to improve and are unaffected by machine aging. How long can this project last? With our plan to regularly upgrade mining rigs, we expect to maintain profitability indefinitely into the future. Keep in mind the last Bitcoin won’t be mined until 2140. Docs Community Cooperation Careers About us Events Copyright © 2023 DigiMint 