 • Connect &nbsp;&nbsp; ≡ Menu Homepage Inscriptions Metadata Resources Bridge ⬑ Nullish.org DISTORTION Project Summary Distortion is a fully hand-typed 100% on-chain art collection limited to 1,111 pieces. It is designed to be displayed with no external browser libraries (e.g. p5js). Distortion's skeleton is wrapped within a smart contract which will use the hash of the block of the original collection's final mint as an input to make sure the collection has an immutable and verifiable provenance. Distortion holders were airdropped an ordinal claim pass that allows them to redeem a matching inscription art piece on the Bitcoin blockchain. Use the website menu to view the ordinal resources or bridge your token. Previews Ordinal Resources Learn more about Ordinals in their Discord, website and Github: &nbsp; ↦ https://discord.gg/ordinals &nbsp; ↦ https://github.com/casey/ord &nbsp; ↦ https://docs.ordinals.com Supported Wallets &nbsp; ↦ Xverse : Recommended extension wallet and app wallet with many features. &nbsp; ↦ Sparrow : Desktop wallet with strong features for advanced users. F.A.Q What if I have multiple tokens? Please bridge them one by one. You may sumbmit transactions one after the other, to the same Bitcoin wallet, to receive multiple Ordinals. What will it cost me to bridge? Bridging will be free of charge, with the exception of ETH mainnet gas. The Ordinal transfer will be manually executed and the transaction paid for by Nullish's node. Bitcoin wallets that receive Ordinals don't need BTC on them. What is the point of burning? Upon bridging and receiving your Ordinal, you will receive trustless custody of it. You will also, within the burn transaction, mint a soulbound token which you cannot sell or transfer. This token has the possibility to get burned by its owner within a future Nullish contract and may also be used for snapshots in the future. Can I enter my usual Bitcoin address? Currently, only the wallets referenced above can support receiving and sending ordinal inscriptions. Please do not bridge if you don't know how to use them, as you risk losing your inscriptions. Receiving an Ordinal or any amount of Bitcoin cannot make you lose the ones you currently possess in your wallet, but sending transactions can accidentally spend the satoshis your inscriptions are on. Bridging to Bitcoin You have 6 months (subject to increase only) to claim your Distortion ordinal inscription. To claim your inscription, you must simply enter your token ID and an ordinal-supported Bitcoin wallet address. We recommend using Xverse , OrdinalsWallet or Sparrow if you are tech-savvy. If you don't have a wallet that supports ordinals, or are not sure how ordinalds work, please learn about supported wallets via our resources and receive some test isncriptions via the Nullish Faucet where holders can request test inscriptions. Bridge Status: Open with ordinal transfer ETA of 0-12 hours Bonus Airdrop: Ancient collectible sat from block 786 mined in January 2009, the month Bitcoin was created. [?] Step 1 : Approval ↲ First, you must approve the Ordinal Bridge made specifically for the project. This will allow you to call the function within the Bridge contract that will transfer the token out of your wallet and log your Bitcoin wallet in the smart contract. Approve Bridge Step 2 : Bridge to Bitcoin Bridge Token Update Metadata After each Distortion holder is airdropped their due Distortion Ordinal Claim Passes , they may update the metadata of said tokens to make them indexable on marketplaces. Passes are indeed tradeable but it is recommended to first update your metadata below so interested parties can sort your tokens by inscription number and color. Update Pass Metadata Verify an Inscription You may search a token ID in the collection and the app will return the link to the corresponding Ordinal inscription for any Distortion token. All tokens are inscribed betweem #24,010 and #44,016. Find Inscription Android Test This is a test for SVGs and Android OS / in-app browsers. Community &amp; Links Join the community on Discord to keep in touch with me, as well as fellow artists and collectors. Receive updates about current and future projects and learn about generative on-chain art. Otherwise, follow me on Twitter for regular updates. Discord Twitter OpenSea Pass (OS) 