 Gaming NFT Governance Staking Community CTZN About Marketplace Documentation Connect Wallet Empowering the future of web3 with transformative gaming, finance, and governance solutions &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Whitepaper&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Buy on Uniswap ETH:0x5f190f9082878ca141f858c1c90b4c59fe2782c5 Copy BSC:0xB9eEE0069bb54C2aA5762D184455686ec58A431F Copy Scroll down Putting the fun into blockchain gaming. Blockchain gaming should be fun and innovative, putting players first, tokenomics second. Play, Compete and immerse yourself with our innovative and community first ecosystem. Learn More Join our Telegram Our Ecosystem Partners We have partnered with leading web3 projects and companies in the blockchain industry to create a dynamic and vibrant ecosystem that is based on decentralized practicality, utility, and a strong community. Our Partners Buy Stake and Earn KDOE Earn rewards from our staking pool by staking KDOE tokens and participating in decentralized governance through Kudoe DAO. Start Staking KUDOE Tokenomics Non NFT Holders NFT Holders (Only ETH) Buy Tax 0 % 0% Marketing 0% Development 0% Liquidity Wallet (Not auto liquidity) 0% Manual Burn Sell Tax 5 % 1% Marketing 2% Development 1% Liquidity Wallet (Not auto liquidity) 1% Manual Burn Buy Tax 0 % 0% Marketing 0% Development 0% Liquidity Wallet (Not auto liquidity) 0% Manual Burn Sell Tax 3 % 1% Marketing 1% Development 0% Liquidity Wallet (Not auto liquidity) 1% Manual Burn Our Products DOE Rangers The Dogs of Elon collection of 10,000 NFTs is available on the world's largest NFT Marketplace. Browse, favorite and place your bids for your favorite DOE Doge! Kudoe Wallet The Kudoe wallet, the central hub of the Kudoe ecosystem, will be a decentralized self-custody wallet hosting Kudoe's decentralized applications and utilities. KudoeVerse KudoeVerse is an immersive metaverse multiplayer gaming experience where players can connect with each other and engage in a variety of activities, games and events. DOE Off the Leash DOE off the Leash is a unique and immersive single player Sandbox RPG adventure where gamers complete a set of objectives and tasks in search of the Dogefather. Kudoe DAO Participate in the governance of KDOE tokens through the Kudoe DAO, which will oversee key governance decisions concerning tokenomics, grants, and rewards. Kudoe NFT Marketplace A Marketplace where you can browse and buy Dogs of Elon NFTs for a slightly lower fee. News Kudoe NFT (DOE) Staking Kudoe is pleased to announce the upcoming launch of DOE NFT Staking, scheduled to commence on Thursday, February 23rd, 2023… Read More Kudoe x Guardarian Kudoe is excited to announce a partnership with Guardarian, a leading provider of fiat on-ramp solutions for the cryptocurrency world. This… Read More Kudoe™ Whitepaper Launch Our team is thrilled to share what we have been working on for the last several months in order to make not only this launch… Read More Join Our Community Join the Kudoe community by following us on our social media accounts. Stay up to date with the latest news and updates, connect with other members of the community, and engage with us on a variety of topics related to the project. As Seen in the News Contact us info@kudoe.io marketing@kudoe.io development@kudoe.io CoinMarketCap Etherscan CoinGecko DexTools Terms of Service Cryptoasset Disclaimer: Trading/Minting crypto-assets carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. 