 About OUR STORY PARTNERSHIPS TESTIMONIALS TEAM ROADMAP News All News BLOG POSTS PRESS RELEASES Contact us The DOVU Market About OUR STORY PARTNERSHIPS TESTIMONIALS TEAM ROADMAP News All News BLOG POSTS PRESS RELEASES Contact us The DOVU Market DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE FOR ECOLOGICAL CREDITS We’ve transformed the way ecological, green, and carbon assets are managed. With rapid onboarding, full transparency and increased market fluidity. To create a system that’s widely accessible to all. DOVU does this in three ways: 1. Rapid onboarding for suppliers, powered by AI 2. Customised credit acquisition for buyers 3. Configurable toolkits for ecological credit issuers &nbsp; Explore the DOVU market Our technology With DOVU, every environmentally positive act, whether by an individual or an institution, contributes to a sustainable, interconnected world. We digitise ecological credits to empower grassroots projects, help enterprises achieve their ESG commitments, and support governments with their green initiatives. Partner with us Bethesda Chapel, Victoria Square, Llanwrtyd Wells, Powys, Wales, LD5 4SS Join our community Sign up for the DOVU newsletter. Enter your email DOVU Limited © 2023. All rights reserved. Legal We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ... Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE &amp; ACCEPT 