 On-Chain Escrow Token Utility Business Solutions News App NEW We are now live on DeFiMetaChain Testnet! Welcome to ebox Crypto Transactions Made Simple Keeping things simple and safe, we address widespread issues and problems throughout the crypto space, making life a lot easier for everyone involved. Uniswap PancakeSwap Staking Governance Supported Blockchains What is ebox? ebox provides services and solutionswith a unique character, bringing straight-forward innovation and usability to end users andbusinesses alike. With the spirit of community embedded deep within our hearts and visionof the project, having our roots within the trader, investor &amp; enthusiast communityourselves, we understand the needs of our audience, and adjust dynamically to any challengeswe face along our journey. On-Chain Escrow Never lose funds due to a wrong address again –The ebox On-Chain Escrow service enables for reversible peer-to-peer transactions, offeringan unprecedented level of comfort and safety in everyday crypto life. App How does it work? Token Utility In-Wallet Staking At ebox, we put safety first – Therefore, our users can stake their EBOX tokenswithout locking them inside a smart contract. Everyone holding at least 5,000 EBOX in their wallet automatically participates in ourstaking program. It's as simple as that! See Medium article for details. Payout: Income Share We se it as an absolute necessity to let our supporters &amp; believers benefit from oursuccess. It is theirs just as much as it is ours. 25% of all ebox income is distributed among our community. Everyone holding 5,000 EBOX orabove is automatically included. Payout shares go along with our staking model, meaning that the sameconditions, multipliers and bonuses apply. Transactionless Governance There is nothing more directly democratic than getting our community involved throughopen, public voting on matters that set the course and direction of our project'sdevelopment. As such, anyone holding 1 EBOX is eligible to vote on topics around the project. Througha weighted-vote algorithm, we strike a fair balance between amount of tokens held andthe power of the individual. See Medium article for details. ebox Business Solutions Offering the technology we developed to other crypto projects and businesses, we provide acomplete solution for everything from token utility through staking &amp; governance, crowdsales, and beyond. ebox Business Solutions In-Wallet Staking The innovative ebox staking model, no token locking required. Available for yourproject through a simple API, and as a white-label solution in the near future. Liquidity Locker Low-fee smart contract token locking service – Gain your community's trust,safely lock your LP tokens acquired through providing liquidity. eIPS: Crowd Sales The ebox Investment Platform Service enables project administrators to deploycrowd sales through a complete all-around solution. 100% DeFi, 100% smartcontract – No manual (re)funding, no room for error. Transactionless Governance Same as with staking, we will be providing our transactionless governance modelthrough API &amp; dashboard in the near future. Key X Diamond Piggy Bank People Our Set of Values Secure To guarantee the highest level of security &amp;trustability, our smart contracts are audited by our partners at CertiK Foundation. Affordable On-Chain Escrow transactions under $300 are freeof charge, and EBOX holders are granted discounted fees. Democratic Through governance votings for everyone holding1 EBOX or above, the community can shape the course of our project. Transparent Both financially and technologically, we makesure our users always know what goes on behind the scenes. ebox News Introducing ebox - a Safe Haven for DeFi Users Even though the blockchain ecosystemis often said to be in its infancy, the relative newness of the underlyingtechnology has not... Read more How ethbox Can Help Generate Passive Income ethbox offers a number of uniquesafety and privacy features to help those sending and receiving cryptocurrencies onthe Ethereum blockchain... Read more How ethbox Can Protect Your Crypto Transactions With cryptocurrencies like Ethereumand Bitcoin becoming huge news in recent months, more and more transactions aretaking place every day... Read more Visit our Medium Community Staking Governance Contact Us Socials Telegram Twitter Medium Discord LinkedIn YouTube Resources BrandAssets Documentation Whitepaper Developers GitHub Work With Us Stay up to date Keep in touch with latest ebox news! Subscribe ©2023ebox&nbsp;&nbsp;·&nbsp;&nbsp; Privacy Policy &nbsp;&nbsp;·&nbsp;&nbsp; Terms and Conditions 