 Wallet WaaS Service Company Contact Us Language English Providing each user with a secure and user-friendly AA multisig wallet Combining MPC and AI technologies, the next-generation AA smart contract wallet powered by ERC-4337 Safe &amp; Earn with DeFi, based on Ethereum security and Layer 2 low cost Download the app from the official website and check its SSL certificate. Why choose Echooo? Echooo supports the most Blockchains and protocols, is the largest AA wallet for 2C users. AA wallets ensure higher security compared to traditional EOA wallets: EOAs associate the account with the private key, so if the private key is lost, the account is lost as well. In contrast, AA Wallets keep the account and the private key separate. While the private key is used to initiate transactions, the approval of transactions requires multisignature verification from AA. Even if the private key is lost, it can be recovered through social recovery, avoiding a single point of failure. AA wallets also have programmable features such as changing signature thresholds and setting trusted addresses, further enhancing security. But Echooo is not just a wallet. Echooo is a blockchain infrastructure designed around an Intent-centric approach, offering users a one-stop, intention-driven virtual asset management solution that perfectly balances asset security with liquidity. Self-Custody Self-custody is critical but has never been easy. We ensure that while users have full control over their assets, they still have access to multilevel approvals, transaction limit management, and zero-Gas fee options comparable to traditional centralized asset management institutions. It is your most trustworthy portable self-custody vault. Asset Security Utilizing cutting-edge Web3 AA wallet architecture, Echooo eliminates the single point of risk associated with losing mnemonic phrases. Bulletproof-level protection is provided for user assets through social recovery, multi-signature security, hardware-level encryption, and Multi-Party Computation (MPC). Smart Trading Echooo integrates native full-chain DEX liquidity and employs AI-powered routing algorithms for optimal trading pools and exchange rates. It also provides intelligent order splitting for large transactions, minimizing costs and maximizing user investment returns. One-Click Financial Management Decentralized finance is the future, Echooo supports one-click staking &amp; single/dual-token LP liquidity DeFi through native aggregation of full-chain DeFi protocols. Allows users to easily enjoy the benefits of DeFi. And lower the risks of fraudulent DApp websites, greatly enhancing Trx security. Asset Liquidity Echooo natively integrates cross-chain bridges across all chains, enabling seamless asset transfers and free asset flow. Risk Monitoring An inbuilt AI-powered security engine provides real-time monitoring and alerts for scam activities, high-risk addresses, and token operations, creating a highly secure asset management environment for users. AI Engine Intelligent Gas Cost Estimation and Transaction Path Optimization Offers users the lowest transaction gas fees and the most optimized transaction paths. Smart Security Control System Constructs a robust security firewall for users' assets and trading activities. Intelligent Financial Management Provides users with data-driven trade decision support and refined investment strategy recommendations. Security Module Open Source and Rigorous Audits The smart contracts of the Echooo wallet have undergone exhaustive reviews by multiple reputable third-party institutions to ensure the absolute security of user private keys. Self-Custody and No Mnemonic Required Echooo allows users to fully control their own private keys and assets, without any third-party custody. Utilizing Multi-Party Computation (MPC) technology, Echooo provides shard-encrypted storage for user private keys, further enhancing asset security without the need to manually record the private key. Advanced Security Infrastructure Echooo employs a multi-layered security framework, which includes an account security system, MPC architecture, Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) on mobile, and AWS Enclave on the server side. It also features multi-signature and social recovery mechanisms to provide impenetrable asset protection. Real-time AI Security Monitoring Echooo’s AI security engine can monitor various asset and transaction risks in real-time, issuing timely warnings and implementing interception measures, providing round-the-clock protection for your assets. Our Team The best product technology team in Asia-Pacific Our team is made up of the industry's top CTO, the doctoral supervisor/Professor of the computer department of a renowned university, and technology and product experts from top internet enterprises like Google, Tencent and Alibaba leading our senior web3.0 product research and development team. Client Recommendation 幣圈紀檢委 @BQJJW I recommend an AA wallet with low transaction gas fees, interesting gasless service, and support for multiple chains, easy to earn coupons and benefits. Arbitrum Insider @arb_insider_TIG Discover @echooo wallet, a user-friendly, low-cost, multi-chain wallet packed with standout features! Experience its top-notch security and Ethereum-based foundation. Definitely a product worth trying out! 尤可欣lsadora @lsadora653802 Hey guys, I have found an interesting intelligent contract wallet called @echooo_wallet with very low gas fees. Moreover, it doesn't require mnemonic phrases for account login. Recently, AA wallets have also gained popularity, offering secure interactions and multiply coupons. More interactions bring surprises, and transaction points can be used to deduct gas fees, making it even more effective than “mining coins.“ 幣圈紀檢委 @BQJJW I recommend an AA wallet with low transaction gas fees, interesting gasless service, and support for multiple chains, easy to earn coupons and benefits. Arbitrum Insider @arb_insider_TIG Discover @echooo wallet, a user-friendly, low-cost, multi-chain wallet packed with standout features! Experience its top-notch security and Ethereum-based foundation. Definitely a product worth trying out! 尤可欣lsadora @lsadora653802 Hey guys, I have found an interesting intelligent contract wallet called @echooo_wallet with very low gas fees. Moreover, it doesn't require mnemonic phrases for account login. Recently, AA wallets have also gained popularity, offering secure interactions and multiply coupons. More interactions bring surprises, and transaction points can be used to deduct gas fees, making it even more effective than “mining coins.“ 幣圈紀檢委 @BQJJW I recommend an AA wallet with low transaction gas fees, interesting gasless service, and support for multiple chains, easy to earn coupons and benefits. Arbitrum Insider @arb_insider_TIG Discover @echooo wallet, a user-friendly, low-cost, multi-chain wallet packed with standout features! Experience its top-notch security and Ethereum-based foundation. Definitely a product worth trying out! 尤可欣lsadora @lsadora653802 Hey guys, I have found an interesting intelligent contract wallet called @echooo_wallet with very low gas fees. Moreover, it doesn't require mnemonic phrases for account login. Recently, AA wallets have also gained popularity, offering secure interactions and multiply coupons. More interactions bring surprises, and transaction points can be used to deduct gas fees, making it even more effective than “mining coins.“ TK @TheThomasKramer Echooo is the “Alipay“ of Web3.0! offering a wide range of APY choices for ZK Layer 2 or LSD solutions, as well as DeFi mining. Users don't have to search for how to mine or manage their finances themselves. The user interface is smooth and seamless, with a strong emphasis on the Earn feature and the abundance of treasures in the Vault.A secure, reliable and qualified Elephant, with point rewards and free multi-signature. 六六 Huobi @66Huobi I tried today ❤️, the UE was smooth and easy for new users. low gas fees and none mnemonic phrases login also very convenience❤️.Ready to unlock more DeFi experience 👏🏻 I find it reliable after check the background of Echooo,. The “Web3 Alipay“ is definitely worth recommending. ❤️ Salonbus @salonbus1024 I always thought that the security constraints of multi-signature wallets limited the user experience, and my expectations were not high. However, after trying it today, I was pleasantly surprised. The logic is clear, and the functionality is concise. It's said to be the wallet that has captured the largest number of users in the ZK.Even new players can quickly get the hang of it, and the balance between security and reducing barriers is well executed. It supports mainstream verification methods, and overall, it seems to reach new heights in the industry. TK @TheThomasKramer Echooo is the “Alipay“ of Web3.0! offering a wide range of APY choices for ZK Layer 2 or LSD solutions, as well as DeFi mining. Users don't have to search for how to mine or manage their finances themselves. The user interface is smooth and seamless, with a strong emphasis on the Earn feature and the abundance of treasures in the Vault.A secure, reliable and qualified Elephant, with point rewards and free multi-signature. 六六 Huobi @66Huobi I tried today ❤️, the UE was smooth and easy for new users. low gas fees and none mnemonic phrases login also very convenience❤️.Ready to unlock more DeFi experience 👏🏻 I find it reliable after check the background of Echooo,. The “Web3 Alipay“ is definitely worth recommending. ❤️ Salonbus @salonbus1024 I always thought that the security constraints of multi-signature wallets limited the user experience, and my expectations were not high. However, after trying it today, I was pleasantly surprised. The logic is clear, and the functionality is concise. It's said to be the wallet that has captured the largest number of users in the ZK.Even new players can quickly get the hang of it, and the balance between security and reducing barriers is well executed. It supports mainstream verification methods, and overall, it seems to reach new heights in the industry. TK @TheThomasKramer Echooo is the “Alipay“ of Web3.0! offering a wide range of APY choices for ZK Layer 2 or LSD solutions, as well as DeFi mining. Users don't have to search for how to mine or manage their finances themselves. The user interface is smooth and seamless, with a strong emphasis on the Earn feature and the abundance of treasures in the Vault.A secure, reliable and qualified Elephant, with point rewards and free multi-signature. 六六 Huobi @66Huobi I tried today ❤️, the UE was smooth and easy for new users. low gas fees and none mnemonic phrases login also very convenience❤️.Ready to unlock more DeFi experience 👏🏻 I find it reliable after check the background of Echooo,. The “Web3 Alipay“ is definitely worth recommending. ❤️ Salonbus @salonbus1024 I always thought that the security constraints of multi-signature wallets limited the user experience, and my expectations were not high. However, after trying it today, I was pleasantly surprised. The logic is clear, and the functionality is concise. It's said to be the wallet that has captured the largest number of users in the ZK.Even new players can quickly get the hang of it, and the balance between security and reducing barriers is well executed. It supports mainstream verification methods, and overall, it seems to reach new heights in the industry. Want to contact us? A self-custodial AA wallet, accessing decentralized financial services of Web3 with the silky user experience of Web2, serving as a Web3 portal for the vast internet users. © 2023 ECHOOO All Rights Reserved Company Cooperation Join Us Support FAQ User Guide Resource Terms of Service Privacy Policy 