 Home Product Roadmap Audit Launch App Welcome to EDXA Labs EDXA Labs is a payment liquidity solution on Binance Smart Chain. We are integrating real world payment with cryptocurrencies. LIGHTPAPER LAUNCH APP <!-- - Token Price - Total Supply - Market Cap $139,200 Total Value Locked --> - Token Price - Total Supply - Market Cap Bridging real world with crypto. Our vision is to leverage DeFi on the cryptocurrency space with existing payment system. By using the liquidity on existing decentralize exchanges electronic remittance and money transfer experience can be improve dramatically. We are working with payment gateway providers and e-wallet services to leverage this technology and bring it to the masses. Crypto Apps We focus on anything crypto from centralize to decentralize applications. We believe these 2 space need to co-exist in harmony. We are constantly looking in the markets for opportunity to bring new values in form of tools and applications. One of the tools we are working with our partners is a social trading copy system. CORE SERVICES EDXA is not just an exchange. Our main goals is to create integration with real world payment system. Exchange Swap BEP20 tokens with very low fees. Wide range of tokens and stable coins Incubator Token holder incentives program. Stake EDXA or provide liquidity to earn more EDXA Launchpad Launch your token on EDXA. We provide technical assistance. Get in touch with us. Social Copytrade Follow trade from reputable trader. Details will be annouce soon. eRemittance Integration with e-wallet for international remittance. Details will be announce soon. Payment Gateway Integration Integration with existing payment gateway. Details will be annouce soon. ROADMAP 12 July 2021 - Edxa Go-Live, exchange, incubator and IDO 26 July 2021 - IDO ended. Raise $14,000. 2 Nov 2021 - Upgrade to v2 on PancakeSwap March 2022 - Integration with broker SaaS service (In development) June 2022 - Social Copy for Crypto v1 (In development) July 2022 - Payment gateway integration (Planning) Nov 2022 - eRemittance service. (Planning) EDXA Labs was founded in March 2021 by a group of developers who is primarily working on payment solutions. The emerging on DeFi and decentralize exchange spark an idea how the exisiting payment solution can leverage the decentralize exchange to improve international remittance. NAVIGATE Litepaper How It Works ? Roadmap Products Tokenomics Other Links BSCScan PancakeSwap dApp Radar Poocoin Charts CONTACT US Launchpad Request : launch@edxa.co Other Enquiry : social@edxa.co Scroll Top 