 Home Free and Casual Blockchain Game Co-Developed by News New Apr 22th, 2023 'EGGRYPTO X' teaser page and developer letter are now available See More June 23rd, 2020 Announcing Version 1.4.0 Release See More May 21st, 2020 Announcing Version 1.3.10 Release See More Apr 16th, 2020 Announcing: Official Release See More See All Welcome to EGGRYPTO Hatch and Grow cute monsters and Explore the world of EGGRYPTO. You can own the rare monsters secured by blockchain as your own digital assets. Chance to get rare monsters everyday You can get new monsters by hatching eggs produced by a mini world tree. Very rarely, you can get rare monsters called Raremon. The amount of Raremon is hard capped and immutable on blockchain. Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Unmute Current Time&nbsp; 0:00 / Duration&nbsp; 0:11 Loaded : 6.36% 0:00 Stream Type&nbsp; LIVE Seek to live, currently playing live LIVE Remaining Time&nbsp; - 0:11 &nbsp; 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Captions captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected Audio Track Picture-in-Picture Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Unmute Current Time&nbsp; 0:00 / Duration&nbsp; 0:15 Loaded : 5.34% 0:00 Stream Type&nbsp; LIVE Seek to live, currently playing live LIVE Remaining Time&nbsp; - 0:15 &nbsp; 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Captions captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected Audio Track Picture-in-Picture Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Explore the adventure of EGGRYPTO in Quest! In Quest, you make a party with monsters and battle with enemy monsters. You can get better reward including EXP, Gold and Monsters in the more difficult quests. Aim for the top of World Tree faster than other players! In the World Tree quest, players compete based on the level where they can climb up the world tree. Evolving EGGRYPTO World Hatch You can collect monsters by hatching eggs on Mini World Tree. Fuse You can raise monsters by fusing materials. Monster's battle status goes up when its Level increases. Quest Quest is 5 vs 5 PvE battle mode. You can go to quests with your monster party. Season 2 Monsters Monsters No.58-100 will appear in games and sales. ARENA β Arena is opening. You can play battles with other players. This battle will need players' skills and strategies. © 2019-2023 Kyuzan Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use of EGGRYOPTO Terms of EGGRYPTO Token Sale Specified Commercial Transaction Act Privacy Policy FOLLOW US ON: 