 GAMEPLAY OVERVIEW CINEMATICS HOW TO PLAY HEROES NEWS VEILED GODS TOURNAMENT COMING SOON ECL Dreamhack QUALIFIERS Next Qualification Round: October 13th to 15th, 2023 Download Now Learn More Available Platforms Latest News TALES OF RUNARIA New Items Added! September 15, 2023 Meet the Restless Blades and the Maelstrom Essence, two items crafted to amplify the strategic depth that you love… Season 1 Rewards September 4, 2023 Season 1 officially concludes on Monday, September 4th, so don't miss your opportunity to claim your rewards! Patch Notes v0.2.29 September 4, 2023 Patch 0.2.29 for Elemental Raiders is being rolled out! View All News Gameplay Welcome to Runaria Elemental Raiders is a free-to-play turn-based hero battler that combines features from collectible card games and multiplayer RPGs. At Elemental Raiders, you will assemble a team of heroes and create the best deck of skills to fight against raid bosses and other players in the Arena. Defeat your opponents to receive rewards and trade them in the marketplace. Game Overview Fight, Win &amp; Earn Hero Battler A frenetic turn-based hero game combined with significant progression and customization in spells and heroes. PvE &amp; PvP Assemble a team of Heroes to fight powerful monsters in a PvE scenario, or compete against other players in a PvP Arena. True Ownership Players earn rewards by winning combats and trading all their in-game assets with other players. Cinematics Why live in the shadows? The Evil Gods and their Titans have come to sack Runaria and destroy anyone who’s after the Elemental Crystals. The heroes from this land unite forces to protect their people and send the evil forces back to where they came from. How to Play Learn the Basics HEROES SPELLS ITEMS FIGHT LEVEL UP PROGRESS Choose your Heroes Assemble your team of 3 Elemental Heroes coming from Fire, Water or Nature, playing a crucial role in the gameplay. Combine their roles to build a powerful selection! Pick your spells Choose your spells with different rarities and effects to defeat your opponents. Use and combine them strategically, managing the mana, the resource that costs to play the spell. Combine your Items There are 24 Items that increase the overall stats, improve spells and add different mechanics to the core game. Let's see what the Gods have for you! FIGHT Against powerful enemies Raids are PvE scenarios where players compete to reach the highest stage fighting monsters. The Arena is a competition between players fighting each other using their teams on a battleground. Level Up &amp; Unlock New Features Obtain in-game resources to upgrade your Heroes’ Spells and make your team more powerful. Levelling up the power of your Team will unlock new Heroes, Spells and features of the game. Progression Rewards Embark on a heart-pumping journey as you navigate through the mystical realm of Runaria, unlocking Arenas filled with priceless treasures waiting to be claimed. Recruit the elemental Heroes Meet the heroes of Elemental Raiders that will fight the evil gods to restore order in Runaria. Freyana The Salamandria’s Oracle Servius Chainbreaker Reef The Tidewarrior Slothy &amp; Quickens The Beast Kings Giovanna Lady Reaper Ran Water Magus Kong The Monkey King Igniel Archangel of Patience Takeda The Wanderer Samurai Freyana The Salamandria’s Oracle Servius Chainbreaker Reef The Tidewarrior Slothy &amp; Quickens The Beast Kings Giovanna Lady Reaper Ran Water Magus Kong The Monkey King Igniel Archangel of Patience Takeda The Wanderer Samurai Freyana The Salamandria’s Oracle Servius Chainbreaker Reef The Tidewarrior Available Platforms the choice is yours Can I play Elemental Raiders on my device? Minimum Requirements Windows MacOS Android iOS MINIMUM: Requires a 64-bit processor and operating system OS: Windows 7 SP1/Windows 8 Processor: Quad core 2.6GHz x86-compatible Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 650 Ti or ATI Radeon™ HD 7850 DirectX: Version 11 Network: Broadband Internet connection Storage:&nbsp;2 GB available space RECOMMENDED: Requires a 64-bit processor and operating system OS: Windows 10 Processor: Quad core 3.2GHz x64-compatible Memory: 16 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1050 Ti or ATI Radeon™ RX560 DirectX: Version 11 Network: Broadband Internet connection Storage: 3 GB available space Additional Notes:&nbsp;Solid state storage is recommended MINIMUM: Requires a 64-bit processor and operating system OS: OS X v10.6 (Snow Leopard) Processor: 2.0GHz Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: Any Hardware 3D Accelerated graphics card Network: Broadband Internet connection Storage: 2 GB available space RECOMMENDED: Requires a 64-bit processor and operating system OS: macOS v10.14 Mojave Processor: 2.4GHz Memory: 12 GB RAM Graphics: Any Hardware 3D Accelerated graphics card Network: Broadband Internet connection Storage: 2 GB available space MINIMUM: Operating system: Android 9 Pistacho Ice Cream or higher. Processor: At least a dual-core processor. RAM: At least 4GB. Storage: At least 2GB free of internal storage. Display: At least a 720p HD resolution display. RECOMMENDED: Operating system: Android 13 Tiramisu or higher. Processor: Quad-core. RAM: 8GB. Storage: At least 4GB free of internal storage. Display: At least a 1080p HD resolution display. MINIMUM: Operating system: iOS 15 or higher. RAM: At least 2GB. Storage: At least 2GB free of internal storage. RECOMMENDED: Operating system: iOS 16 or higher. RAM: 8GB. Storage: At least 4GB free of internal storage. Powered by Team News Whitepaper Support Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms &amp; Conditions Legal Notice © ELEMENTAL RAIDERS and any associated logos are trademarks, service marks, and/or registered trademarks of G4AL Entertainment S.L. with VAT: ESB16753725. Morales 31, Entresuelo 1, 08029, Barcelona, Spain. Client code has been audited by Cyrex. Games for a Living uses its own and third-party cookies to ensure the proper functioning of this web, as well as personalization, analytical, advertising, and profiling cookies based on browsing habits of the user (for example, pages visited). To accept all cookies, click "Accept All". Click on "Cookie Settings" to accept only cookies checked in the configuration boxes available or click on "Reject All" to reject cookies. Additional information in the Cookie Policy . Cookie Settings Reject All Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ... Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category . cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Analytics" category . cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 1 year The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Necessary" category . cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to store the user consent for cookies in the category "Others". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to store the user consent for cookies in the category "Performance". CookieLawInfoConsent 1 year Records the default button state of the corresponding category &amp; the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. JSESSIONID session The JSESSIONID cookie is used by New Relic to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description _ga 2 years The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors. _ga_KNFMZPPMYF 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. _gcl_au 3 months Provided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services. CONSENT 2 years YouTube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Cookie Duration Description _fbp 3 months This cookie is set by Facebook to display advertisements when either on Facebook or on a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising, after visiting the website. fr 3 months Facebook sets this cookie to show relevant advertisements to users by tracking user behaviour across the web, on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin. yt-remote-connected-devices never YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video. yt-remote-device-id never YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video. yt.innertube::nextId never This cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. yt.innertube::requests never This cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save &amp; Accept 