 Download app Products Who we are Resources Ember Fund Blog Download Ember: Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Discord Help Center Join Our 800,000+ Community Get Ember Earn. Compete. Win. Invest. Repeat. Your gateway to Web3: Mine Bitcoin, conquer crypto tournaments, and invest smarter—all in one app. Download App 1 m+ Community 15 b+ Satoshis Earned $ 1 b+ Processed 0 Fees to Start 4.6 Reviews 24 hr support Battle for Bitcoin Rewards in Tournaments Put your cryptocurrency trading skills to the test for the chance to win Bitcoin. Easily manage and track your investments. All with a tap of a button. 0 1 Great customer service! I’m writing my first review ever on the web to commend the folks at Ember App for a very user friendly platform, but above all superb customer service. Brian Amazingly simple to sign up and use and having a portfolio keeps things balanced. In a way, this is my crypto version of ‘Acorns’ now. fattyk00 Absolutely incredible customer service and app is great for any experience level in crypto. They completely earned my trust. Ethan 0 1 2 Get Started Today Earn Free Bitcoin Every 24 Hours Ember Mining is the easiest way to get Bitcoin. Watch your Bitcoin stack up with the tap of a button. Start mining now The Best Crypto Strategies Wrapped in an Award-Winning App Ember Fund was founded specifically to democratize access to web3 investing. We aim to empower individuals by simplifying the process of accumulating and investing Bitcoin. Daily Rewards Earn free Bitcoin every 24 hours. Perform microtasks or mine with friends to earn even more Bitcoin. Compete in Tournaments Pick your winning coins and compete against other traders. Top-performing portfolios at the end of the tournament win Bitcoin! One-Tap Investing Invest in diversified crypto portfolios crafted by elite portfolio managers. Simply choose a portfolio and a deposit method. Ember can connect with your bank account, credit card, Coinbase, Apple Pay, or external wallet. Meet Our Team of Crypto Industry Veterans Our team includes best-in-class crypto analysts, hackers, technologists and designers that have held leadership positions at Google, Accel, Microsoft, TikTok, Acorns, Binance, and JP Morgan. Meet Our Team Featured in Download Ember Fund Get Started Products Who we are Resources Ember Fund Blog Terms of Service Privacy Policy Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Discord Help Center © Ember Fund Inc. All Rights Reserved 2023 . 