 Defi Nfts Blog Faqs About Link Link 2 Launch Emblem Your Cart $&nbsp;0.00&nbsp;USD : Remove Subtotal Pay with browser. Continue to Checkout No items found. Go To Pricing Product is not available in this quantity. Launch App Discover, buy, and sell NFTs across blockchains Trade your NFTs from Bitcoin, Namecoin, and more than 20 other blockchains across marketplaces Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Ethereum Polygon BNB Chain Featured Blockchains Your NFT inside an Ethereum NFT Control NFTs across blockchains without a bridge! HISTORICAL NFT VISIBILITY Showcase and use non-Ethereum compatible NFTs across Marketplaces, Metaverse, Dapps, and Gaming applications TRADE ACROSS BLOCKCHAINS Trade your native assets across multiple blockchains inside of one vault ACCESS TO LIQUID MARKETS Find liquidity for your NFTs in the most liquid NFT markets in the world ROYALTIES SUPPORT Artists and Historical NFTs collections empowered royalties CURATED COLLECTIONS Historical NFTs and artists curation make collector discovery clear and simple Legacy Vaults How Emblem Vault Works Bring your native assets to Ethereum through three simple steps: Vault List Unlock Powered by COVAL Create vaults with our native cryptocurrency COVAL which is currently available on Coinbase and Uniswap . COVAL unlocks discounted vaulting ERC20 token on Ethereum Interoperable tokenomics Join over 9,000 Vaulters today! Since our inception in September 2020 our community has exploded across the globe, spanning across dozens of countries and blockchains! Join Discord Follow&nbsp;Twitter Featured Curated Collections Rare Pepes are considered by many to be responsible for the birth of "Crypto Art Movement" and are the first decentralized art collection on the blockchain. With 1,774 unique cards across 300 artists, Rare Pepes are the top meme NFTs on the planet. RARE PEPES 2016-2018 Created in 2015 Spells of Genesis became the first NFT gaming collectable in blockchain history. An inspiration for all that would follow it, the collection is comprised of 155 cards with a &nbsp;total circulating supply of more than 138,000. SPELLS OF GENESIS 2015 - PRESENT Sarutobi is the first game to integrate two independent NFT collections, highlighting the potential of interoperable tokens in an open metaverse. The play-to-earn game is one of the earliest in blockchain history. SARUTOBI ISLAND 2016-2017 Frogs on the blockchain didn't end in 2018 when Rare Pepes decided to close out the collection. Some of the original community decided it was time to begin minting more dank frogs on the blockchain and Fake Rares were born. FAKE RARES 2021 - PRESENT A homage to the Rare Pepes and meme culture, Rare Doge spun up after the 2014 platform Dogeparty was revived in 2021. The most popular memecoin has entered the chat with its own decentralized crypto art movement of its own. RARE DOGE 2021 - PRESENT Timestamp is law when it comes to Historical NFT collectors. This curated collection is home to some of the most iconic unique and significant tokens from Bitcoin, Dogecoin, and more. EMBLEM CURATED (HISTORICAL) 2014-2017 Follow us today Learn more about Emblem Vault through Emblem Live and Emblem Education! Twitter Spaces Youtube Blogs Recent News &amp; Updates Tutorials How to Verify Ordinals inside of an Emblem Vault Jake Gallen February 27, 2023 Tutorials How to Send Ordinals from a Taproot-enabled Wallet to Emblem Vault Jake Gallen February 27, 2023 Tutorials How to Unlock your Ordinals in an Emblem Vault Jake Gallen February 27, 2023 View All Articles  M  Menu Home About defi Nfts faqs Blog Details Emblem.finace Technical Support Video Tutorials Walkthroughs Sales bot Wiki COMMUNITY CHAT GROUPS Join the on-going discussion and be the first to learn about new updates in our user led forums Discord Telegram Emblem Vault © 2023 