 Developers Community Integrations Contact API Dashboard DeFi made easy A unified DeFi API that enables you to interact with all DeFi primitives conveniently. Build With Us PROUDLY BACKED BY ⚡️ Tools to build your vision On a mission to power the web3 economy For developers Enso APIs Our powerful DeFi APIs are built to scale with you from day one to millions of users. Let's start building. View API Docs For users Enso App Earn yield, trade, borrow, lend, hedge, view performance, and automate tedious tasks in one-click. Save time and money with Enso. Enso App Connect with all chains, DEXs, and DeFi protocols View all integrations 5,000+ Transactions 6,000+ Routes 50+ Integrations $50m+ Routed Powerful Enso shortcuts 🔮 Get more out of Enso Access all DeFi primitives, metadata, cross-chain, and smart order routing through one API. + ∞ Farm Earn yield on your tokens. Farm Earn yield on your tokens. Liquidity Provide liquidity to a pool. Liquidity Provide liquidity to a pool. Swap Swap tokens with best route execution. Swap Swap tokens with best route execution. Lend Lend tokens on money markets. Lend Lend tokens on money markets. Borrow Borrow tokens on money markets. Borrow Borrow tokens on money markets. and more Native transaction bundling. Execute multiple transactions like Lend, borrow, and provide liquidity to a pool all in one atomic transaction. Native transaction bundling. Execute multiple transactions like Lend, borrow, and provide liquidity to a pool all in one atomic transaction. View API Docs A fully integrated suite of shortcut APIs Bundle API Execute many DeFi interactions in one atomic transaction. Bundle API Execute many DeFi interactions in one atomic transaction. Route API Route between any tokens, including base tokens, LPs, vaults, and debt positions. Route API Route between any tokens, including base tokens, LPs, vaults, and debt positions. Protocol API Enable your users to access all protocol metadata. Protocol API Enable your users to access all protocol metadata. Opportunities API Display potential opportunities based on user holdings. Opportunities API Display potential opportunities based on user holdings. Explore Solutions Access all DeFi primitives, metadata, cross-chain, and smart order routing through one API. How to bundle DeFi actions using Enso. Optimize actions in one transaction. Group multiple DeFi operations, reduce gas fees, and enhance overall efficiency for an improved DeFi experience. Enable DeFi in a Safe wallet using Enso. Safeguard your assets while accessing DeFi services. This guide helps you integrate DeFi protocols securely into your Safe wallet. In collaboration with Cross chain DeFi with Socket and Enso. Learn how to enable seamless DeFi interactions across different blockchains using Socket's interoperability protocol. In collaboration with Partner with us for the future of Web3 Want to partner up or build on-top of Enso? Get in touch with our core contributors. Join Our Community Get In Touch Enso Finance © 2023 Developers Documentation Github Dev chat Company Partner with us Brand &amp; Assets Kit Blog Team Community Twitter Discord LinkedIn Enso App Earn Sign up for our newsletter Subscribe Privacy Terms Enso has underwent 5 Audits from: Developers Documentation Github Dev chat Company Partner with us Brand &amp; Assets Kit Blog Team Community Twitter Discord LinkedIn Enso App Earn Sign up for our newsletter Subscribe Enso Finance © 2023 Privacy Terms Enso has underwent 5 Audits from: 