 This website uses cookies because it absolutely needs them. Learn more Got it! English Português Türkçe Español Français Русский Українська العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 FAQ EOS Account creator This website allows you to create an EOS account if you don't have one yet. Check our FAQ for more info. New! We are now offering a tool to buy EOS RAM with Credit Card or Cryptocurrency (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin). If you're getting error messages like Account using more than allotted RAM usage or messages like account has insufficient ram; needs 8192 bytes has 4096 bytes , that means you have run out of RAM and need to buy more EOS RAM . Buy more EOS RAM now! Why this service? The way EOS works is that new accounts can only be created by someone with an existing account. Creating an account also requires to stake a certain amount of EOS and to buy some RAM. If you create an EOS account on this website, it comes with 0.2 EOS staked for CPU and Network bandwidth as well as 4KB of RAM. Create EOS Account Telos Account Creator Permission Updater Instar Account Creator Imprint × FAQ Why do I need this service? The way EOS works is that new accounts can only be created by someone with an existing account. If you have a friend who has an EOS account, you can ask him to create one for you. If you don't, this website can be your friend for a small fee. How much does it cost? The cost of one EOS account is currently USD 3.77 when paid with cryptocurrencies, USD 5.38 when paid with credit card and 0.5 EOS when paid with EOS. Included in the price are 0.2 staked EOS that will be delegated to your account and 4 KB of RAM. To make sure you have enough CPU resources in your new account, we're also borrowing roughly 3 EOS worth of CPU bandwith from REX for your new account that will be yours for 30 days. Which payment methods do you accept? You can pay with credit card and the cryptocurrencies EOS, Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and Litecoin. I didn't send the right amount to coinbase. What can I do? Please write us an email to hello@eos-account-creator.com including your transaction id and the desired refund address so we can initiate a refund. You can also join our telegram group and request help there. I sent the payment to coinbase after the payment window expired. What can I do? Don't panic. We will regularly check expired transactions and push them through. If you want to nudge us, you can join our telegram group or write a quick email . Is this website safe to use? Yes. You generate the keys safely offline and only use your public keys on the website. Public keys are safe to share. The source code is on GitHub and can be audited. The activity of this website can be checked on the EOS blockchain. This tool uses the EOS account accountcreat to generate new accounts, the activity can be checked in any block explorer. If you have further questions, please get in touch through our telegram group . What are those keys and how do I generate them? In order to access your new EOS account,you will need two key pairs, owner and active. Each key pair consists of aprivate key and a public key. The public key is safe to give out and will bepublicly visible in the blockchain. The private key must be kept secret andstored securely. Here are several generators you can use: Simple javascript generator (easiest to use) EOSKEY (offline key generator, easy to use, but no wallet included) Recommended wallets: Infinito Wallet World's leading universal wallet with eos-account-creator being natively integrated for seamless user experience TokenPocket The biggest DApp Store on EOS, you can play hundreds of DApps and chat with players here Greymass Wallet (Fully featured desktop wallet) SimplEOS (Easy to use desktop wallet, supports generating keys offline) Scatter (Chrome Desktop, recommended for daily use) Cleos (Official wallet by Block.one but command line tool, only for advanced users) Why do I need two keys, owner and active? The active key is the one you're gonna use for daily operations like interacting with dApps or money transfers. This would be the key that you're gonna import into your favorite wallet or Scatter if you want to interact with dApps. If this key gets compromised, you will be able to regain control of your account using the owner key and cancel outgoing transfers that haven't gone through yet. The owner key is very important as whoever holds it is the real owner of the account. You will need it if you want to transfer control of the account to someone else. You can also use it to change the keys of your account. You can also use it to prove ownership of your account in case your active key gets compromised. That's why you should generate this key in an offline key generator in only store it in cold storage. Is this tool open source? Yes! 