 CREATE ACCOUNT LOG IN GAMES&nbsp; ▼ HALL OF FAME FAIRNESS HOW TO PLAY 0 1 2 3 4 5 WELCOME ON BOARD Discover the first random games platform based only on EOS Blockchain. On eosgames.io you can use your cryptocurrencies as a real payment method and have some fun in the slot games, classic casino games or roll some dices! All of our games are fully random, fair and easy to play! And all your keys are encrypted on your machine so they remain 100% private. Because we are using EOS the transfers are instant, free and safe. It is not Bitcoin, Etherium or Litecoin, here you deposit and withdraw funds in seconds without any commission! Join the game today and test your luck! Crypto mining without special gear? In our new game it's possible! Feel the thrill of exploring new blocks that could lead you to the Mega Win! If you are lucky you may hit a block worth up to 2,880 HIVE! Conquer Mars and reach for the Mega Wins! Massive JackPot is waiting for the bravest space pirates and theres up to 4,000 EOS to win! Put on the spacesuit, jump into the rocket ship and join the adventure! If you are lucky enough maybe you will see a BIG WOW behind the window! Enter the old mineshaft, grab your pickaxe and try to find the EosGem! This rare and priceless stone provides richness to anyone who manages to get it! Are you brave enough to try to do it? Step through the Tori gate and reach for the great treasures and fortune! Discover the traditional symbols and set them in one wall which brings you the rain of gold coins. Enter the orient world today with Gate Of Fortune! Exchange your cards to get the best hands and win EOS! If you like the adrenaline rush, you can try to Double Up your winnings up to 5 times! The maximum win in one hand is 4000 EOS! But do you have guts to put everything on one card and smash the bank? Winner, winner chicken dinner! Join the game on real table and try to make it 21! Choose to stand or hit, split your hand, make the double bet and enjoy the game in up to 3 hands at once! Let's shuffle and deal, are you in? Check out the most popular game on the blockchain in the super modern version! Try to predict the outcome, roll the dices and win EOS! Simple rules, big wins, a lot of fun! Jump in and test it! Spin the wheel to feel the real emotions! If you like adrenaline Roulette is a game for you! Classic rules, beautiful graphics and excitement just like at the real table! What is your lucky number? Test it now! FAIRNESS In math we trust, so we don't have and don't want to have any influence on the individual outcomes of the draw in our games. Fairness and randomness are guaranteed by a library providing cryptographically encrypted grain and an algorithm that encrypts all data to a generator in the way it's no dependent on time and date. SECURITY To provide our players with the maximum level of security the login is possible through Scatter. It is a simple identity layer that allows you to connect to authorized apps securely and conveniently.​ No site has direct access to your keys. Only request for operation is possible. CONTACT Do you have any questions, offer or feedback? Send us an e-mail and let's stay in touch! @ &nbsp;&nbsp; contact@eosgames.io FOLLOW If you want to be the first to know about news and special offers follow our profiles! 