 Connect MetaMask / Trust Wallet EQUINOX The first certificate of deposit token aligned with the seasons STAKES SHARES REFERRALS INTEREST PENALTIES The staking token you have been looking for Designed for growth and to take the community to the moon Plan your next move on predictable yearly cycles With stakes that can last forever, and share rates that only go up Join Telegram Buy on Pancake Swap Token Contract PulseChain Launch EQNOX is planning to launch on PulseChain. This launch will be a very important milestone for EQNOX, because it will expose EQNOX to the whole HEX community, who understands Certificate of Deposit tokens very well. Read More How EQNOX works EQNOX is a Certificate of Deposit token with long term sustainability and growth built into its tokenomics. It has a stable supply and liquidity growth, a good starting inflation that slowly decays over time, share prices that go up every time a stake is ended, and a great referral system. During the first three months, supply was inflated through daily auctions of EQNOX, where participants could invest BUSD in exchange for a slice of these auctioned tokens. Invested BUSD was used to build liquidity on Pancake Swap, but about 20% was returned to participants through daily random awards. Also, all liquidity added to the liquidity pool through the contract is locked, by having the LP tokens burned! When a stake is created, staked tokens are converted into shares at the current share price. Interest is distributed to stakes in proportion to the share size of each stake. If you have 10% of the shares, you get 10% of the inflation, it’s that easy. Every time a stake is ended, the share price can increase, making existing stakes more valuable and earning more interest. It’s also the first token that is synched with earthly seasons. Stakes can last forever and can only be ended without penalties during harvest season, between October and December. Each harvest season, holders decide if they want to end their stakes or leave them running for another year. It’s a yearly celebration about the giving of future interest from paper hands to diamond hands. Imagine the build up for that! EQNOX is a Certificate of Deposit token with long term sustainability and growth built into its tokenomics. It has a stable supply and liquidity growth, a good starting inflation that slowly decays over time, share prices that go up every time a stake is ended, and a great referral system. During the first year, supply will be inflated through a daily minting of 10M tokens, where participants can invest BUSD in exchange for a slice of these minted tokens. Invested BUSD will be used to build liquidity on Pancake Swap, but about 50% will be returned to participants through daily random awards. This means you have a good chance of getting tokens at zero cost! Also, all liquidity added to the liquidity pool through the contract is locked, by having the LP tokens burned! When a stake is created, staked tokens are converted into shares at the current share price. Interest is distributed to stakes in proportion to the share size of each stake. If you have 10% of the shares, you get 10% of the inflation, it’s that easy. Every time a stake is ended, the share price can increase, making existing stakes more valuable and earning more interest. It’s also the first token that is synched with earthly seasons. Stakes can last forever and can only be ended without penalties during harvest season, between October and December. Each harvest season, holders decide if they want to end their stakes or leave them running for another year. It’s a yearly celebration about the giving of future interest from paper hands to diamond hands. Imagine the build up for that! ...read more Read Whitepaper Add EQNOX to Metamask Equinox. Owned by the community. 