 $EQD Ambassador DAO More Application $EQD EQ Token Ambassador DAO Careers About us Tokenomics Knowledge base Whitepaper Application EN 中文 All-in-one DeFi hub of &nbsp; Polkadot High leverage. Yet resilient Polkadot parachain Cross-chain ready Audited by Quantstamp Earn, borrow, and trade at max efficiency Get started Polkadot parachain Cross-chain ready Audited by Quantstamp Meet the most comprehensive DeFi product line Money market Safe lending with collateral basket support and min LTV as low as 105%. Borrow EQD stablecoin USD-pegged, backed by diversified asset portfolios and secured in advance. Mint Spot market Fully on-chain orderbook to go long or short with up to 20x leverage. Trade Earn pools Attractive yield staking even for assets you thought deadweight. Earn eqDOT Decentralized liquid DOT staking with instant unstake. Swap What makes Equilibrium stand out Better user experience All-in-one platform. You get all DeFi services in a single easy-to-use interface. More sustainability All loans are secured in advance. Insurance pools to replace fragile DeFi liquidation auctions. Less risk True collateral baskets. Use a diversified portfolio to back your loans and trade positions. Fair costs Risk-based pricing. Borrowers set interest on their loans by adjusting collateral parameters. Our influential backers Previous Next Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe Catch the latest on our socials Products DEX Money Market Borrow Liquid DOT Equilibrium Ambassador DAO Careers About us Resources Tokenomics Whitepaper Knowledge base Privacy policy Terms of use Social Discord Telegram Twitter Medium Github Equilibrium is a software service with a consensus based governance system. EQ, EQD, and GENS are not a security or regulated instruments. The use of this site and the Equilibrium-based products is subject to Terms of use, by accessing this site you agree to these Terms. © Made in Have a cookie :) This website uses cookies to improve user experience. Using the website implies consent to the collection of data through cookies No, thanks It’s okay 