 EscrowMyEther Home Buyer Seller Escrow Agent Get Started No connection with Ethereum node. Double check if node is active or view our Get Started guide . EscrowMyEther Send and Receive Ether with Escrow Protection. Decentralized Escrow System Open Source Ethereum Smart Contract that allows 2 transacting parties, a Buyer and Seller, to transact with their choice of Escrow Agent. How It Works When Buyer initializes an escrow transaction, his Ether is locked in the smart contract. Once Buyer confirms the Seller’s obligations are fulfilled, he can release funds to Seller. An Escrow Agent, chosen by the Buyer and Seller oversees the transaction. If a dispute occurs, the Escrow Agent can intervene and refund the Buyer, or release funds to the Seller. Transparent Fees EscrowMyEther is free for Buyers and Escrow Agents to use. Sellers are charged a percentage Escrow Fee and a 0.25% developer fee. - Choose a fair and unbiased entity to escrow your transactions, such as a forum moderator - Escrow Agent typically charges 1-2% fee for normal E-commerce transactions - For your safety, never ship orders escrowed by unknown Escrow Agents Benefits Fair dispute resolution and lower fees reduces the cost of selling online. Withdraw Funds Anytime One advantage of decentralization: No governing entity controls your funds, no one can prevent you from withdrawing your funds. Withdraw funds as each transaction is complete, or accumulate multiple transactions and withdraw them in one go. Get Started To use EscrowMyEther, connection to an Ethereum node is required. We recommend the Metamask chrome extension, as they provide a remote node and is easiest to setup. For power users who wish to run their local node, use the Parity chrome extension. For now, the Dapp is only supported on Google Chrome, on screens above 1366x768 resolution. Metamask Chrome Extension Parity Chrome Extension When Metamask or Parity is setup, you should see a "connection established" message on top of this page. Enter Dapp Dashboard Buyer Dashboard Seller Dashboard Escrow Dashboard Ethereum node not detected, dashboard disabled. Please double check if node is active. Video guide to using dashboard For Developers Links to the open source contract code, bug bounty program and github. Contract Source Code Github Repository Bug Bounty Contact Escrowmyether[at]gmail[dot]com 