 Eternal Finance Quick Access Statistics Invest Claim Sell Jackpots Referrals Airdrop Sacrifice Socials Telegram Twitter Listings Moonarch Ape O'Clock DappRadar Useful Links Whitepaper Contract Audit Connect Presale Presale Quick Access Statistics Invest Claim Sell Jackpots Referrals Airdrop Sacrifice Project Info Socials Telegram Twitter Listings Moonarch Ape O'Clock DappRadar Useful Links Whitepaper Contract Audit CONNECT Event Timers 00h :00m :00s Last Deposit Jackpot Ends in 00h :00m :00s Top Deposit Jackpot Ends in Project Statistics 0.00 USDC Contract TVL 0.00 ETRNL Staked 0.00 ETRNL Price Rate 0 ETRNL Investors 0.00 ETRNL Total Supply 0.00 ETRNL Available Supply % USDC Pool APR % ETRNL Pool APR Invest in Eternal 0 USDC Balance 0 USDC Approved 0 ETRNL Balance 0 ETRNL Max Stake Deposit USDC : • Deposit USDC in the USDC Pool to earn 1% daily. Approve Deposit Stake ETRNL : • Deposit ETRNL in the ETRNL Pool to earn 2% daily. Stake Claim ETRNL Rewards 0 Available ETRNL Claim All Compound All 00d :00h :00m :00s USDC Pool Accumulation Cooldown 0 USDC Invested 0 Available ETRNL from USDC Claim -10% Compound -5% 00d :00h :00m :00s ETRNL Pool Accumulation Cooldown 0 ETRNL Invested 0 Available ETRNL from ETRNL Claim -10% Compound -5% • Max Payout for ETRNL Staking is 250% • Sell ETRNL 0 ETRNL Tokens 0.00 ETRNL Price Rate 00d :00h :00m :00s Sell Cooldown Sell ETRNL Token : Sell Token Sell ETRNL Mechanics : • There is a 20% sell tax applied. • Sell tax will be used to for paying referrals. • Users can only sell once every 7 days. • Users that sells ETRNL token and has no ETRNL stake will pay an additional 50% penalty tax. • Users that sells ETRNL token more than 25% of their ETRNL stake will pay an additional 50% penalty tax. Deposit Jackpots Last Deposit Jackpot 0 Round 00h :00m :00s Time Remaining 0x00 Potential Winner 0 USDC Jackpot Top Deposit Jackpot 0 Round 0x00 Previous Winner 00d :00h :00m :00s Time Remaining 0x00 Potential Winner 0.00 USDC Jackpot 0.00 Top Deposit Referral Statistics 0 Referrer 0 Referral Count 0 Total Referral Bonus Copy referral link here! Earn 2.5% for each successful referral! Airdrop ETRNL 0 Airdrops Received 0 Airdrops Received Count 0 Last Airdrop Received 0 Airdrops Sent 0 Airdrops Sent Count 0 Last Airdrop Sent Airdrop ETRNL to User : Airdrop Airdrop Mechanics : • Minimum amount that can be airdropped is 1 ETRNL token. • Only actively staked users can receive an airdrop. • Each airdrop will be charged with 5% airdrop tax. Sacrifice ETRNL Input ETRNL Amount : Sacrifice <!-- Project Information How does platform work? Users must deposit USDC to earn ETRNL token at a 1% daily rate. Earned ETRNL tokens can then be sold for profit or stak into the ETRNL Pool which can earn users 2% daily in ETRNL Token. Unlike its predecessors, the ETRNL Token platform has several anti-dump and anti-whale features to ensure sustainability and longevity of the platform. What are the minimum investment and limits? Users can start investing with a minimum of 25 USDC and maximum of 100,000 USDC. The max staking for eternal depends on the USDC deposited by the users. What are the referral bonuses? The platform has a 2.5% fixed rate team building referral bonus which rewards the users for 5 level downlines. The referral system round-robin style to avoid self referrals. What is the anti-dump feature? Any account that sells Eternal without being staked in the Eternal pool will pay a 50% sales tax. Any account that sells Eternal totaling more than 25% of their Eternal stake will pay a 50% sales tax. Users also has a max accumulation time of 10 days. After 10 days the users is required to do a claim or compound action to reset the timer and continue getting dividends. Accounts are limited to one Eternal sale every 7 days. What are the anti-whale features of ETRNL? On staking claims, a whale tax will kick in if your claim exceeds 1% of the Eternal token supply. Tax is determined by preset brackets defined by the percentage of supply. In addition, players cannot claim more than 100k Eternal tokens between both staking pools. e.g. if you have 100 USDC staked in USDC staking pool, you cannot stake more than 100 Eternal tokens in the Eternal staking pool. A new USDC deposit must be made to be able to stake more Eternal Token in the platform. What are the deposit bonuses? The platform has 2 deposit jackpot features. Last deposit jackpot, 0.5% of each deposit will be put into the rewards pool. Last deposit address will win the pot after 12 hours if no one else deposit after him. The pot for each round will start at 500 USDC and has a 2,000 USDC limit. Event can run every 1 hour up to 24 hours depending on the project owners setting. Top Deposit Jackpot, biggest deposit in 48 hours timeframe will win 2% back as cashback . Event can run every 1 day to 7 days depending on the project owners setting. What are the taxes? The platform has a 10% tax on fresh deposits into the Eternal staking pool in which reduced to 5% if the earned ETRNL from the USDC staking is compounded into the ETRNL staking pool. 20% tax on selling Eternal that goes towards paying referral bonuses in which tax is reduced 10% if Eternal is being converted to USDC to be compounded into USDC staking pool. &nbsp; It is important to note that even if there is a 20% tax on selling eternal, the staking capacity for users in the platform is indefinite and users can profit for a long time. How is the ETRNL price being computed? ETRNL Token's price will depend on the USDC TVL of the contract and the total circulating supply, The more tokens minted, the lower the price would be, more tokens burnt increases the price. &nbsp; Claiming ETRNL will mint users ETRNL Token, Staking and Selling ETRNL token will burn the ETRNL Token. Using smart contracts, cryptocurrency tokens, and cryptocurrency in general is always a risk. Never invest more than you can afford to lose and always do your own research! --> Listing Partners : Get in touch with us! Twitter Telegram GitHub Facebook Instagram © Copyright Eternal Team. All right reserved. 