 Our team has received a grant from the Ethereum Foundation regarding the advancement of ERC4337! Learn more! Product Skandha Bundler TransactionKit BUIDLer Skandha Bundler Dev Docs Blog Pricing Product Etherspot Prime TransactionKit BUIDLer Skandha Bundler Dev Docs Blog Pricing Get a quote Account Abstraction Development Platform Build unmatched Web3 user experience by removing usability pain-points with Etherspot’s ERC-4337 infrastructure Let's BUIDL Get a quote Partnering with: Create Human-First Web3 dApps Simplify the user experience of your Web3 apps by leveraging ERC-4337 infrastructure. Etherspot shifts Web3’s difficult user journey into a smooth seamless experience Web3 Ecosystems Set Free Source liquidity from any EVM chain without having to add liquidity on every one. Unleash your creativity and let Etherspot propel your apps into the world of Web3 account abstraction Implement Simply &amp; Quickly Build or update your apps with robust interoperability, quickly &amp; easily. Firmly root account abstraction at the core of your dapp with just a few lines of code. ERC-4337 Infrastructure Services Account Abstraction SDK SDK that&nbsp; improves your dApp’s UX by removing usability pain-points for a frictionless Web3 TransactionKit A React library for fast and simple Web3 development. No deep blockchain dev knowledge required Skandha ERC-4337 Bundler A Modular Typescript Bundler for Account Abstraction Etherspot Prime Multi-chain APIs A set of APIs to receive multi-chain real-time data about crypto assets, wallets and transactions Arka Paymaster Service (Coming soon) The only open-source Paymaster service for sponsored &amp; gasless transactions BUIDLer Widget A React component that provides plug-and-play integration with the Etherspot SDK. Only two lines of code required Learn more Account Abstraction At It’s Best Multi-Chain NFT Support Allow your users to interact with NFTs with ease. Ultra secure storage &amp; viewing Cross-Chain Bridging &amp; Transaction Bundling Go cross-chain without deploying your dapp on other EVM chains Fiat On &amp; Off Ramping Let users buy &amp; sell without KYC (up to €1000 p/d) from inside your dApp Social Logins &nbsp; Onboard your Web2 users easily through social logins, create counter-factual wallets and enable easy recovery. No need for your user to have experience. Transaction Batching / Multi-Call Create custom user journeys &amp; abstract the painful user experience of signing multiple transactions away by offering a one-click action Sponsored Transactions Sponsor transactions for your dApp to provide a seamless, Web2-like UX Meta- transactions Let users pay for gas with ANY stablecoin on any chain Seamless Multi- Chain Experience Spare your users from implementation details like RPC network switching when interacting cross-chain Multi-Chain NFT Support Allow your users to interact with NFTs with ease. Ultra secure storage &amp; viewing Cross-Chain Bridging &amp; Transaction Bundling Go cross-chain without deploying your dapp on other EVM chains Fiat On &amp; Off Ramping Let users buy &amp; sell without KYC (up to €1000 p/d) from inside your dApp Social Logins &nbsp; Onboard your Web2 users easily through social logins, create counter-factual wallets and enable easy recovery. No need for your user to have experience. Transaction Batching / Multi-Call Create custom user journeys &amp; abstract the painful user experience of signing multiple transactions away by offering a one-click action Sponsored Transactions Sponsor transactions for your dApp to provide a seamless, Web2-like UX Meta- transactions Let users pay for gas with ANY stablecoin on any chain Seamless Multi- Chain Experience Spare your users from implementation details like RPC network switching when interacting cross-chain ‹ › ❮ ❯ Learn more How to integrate the Etherspot SDK To get the integration of Etherspot SDK, head to the docs and read all about it or contact us for more info. Install SDK Get a quote How to integrate BUIDLer BUIDLer is a React component that provides plug-and-play integration with the Etherspot SDK, allowing dApps and developers to easily leverage the SDK in a highly customisable fashion. Only two lines of code required. Integrate BUIDLer Quick start with TransactionKit TransactionKit is our React library for fast and simple Web3 development. Now you can inject the full power of Etherspot into any React app even without deep blockchain development knowledge! Explore Check out Etherspot open- source code on Github “This is super cool. It’s like one of those really sophisticated pieces [of&nbsp;software] and essentially what it does for us is to go cross chain without having to go cross chain.” Archimedes Core team KlimaDAO Don't miss Etherspot's updates and learn more about Web3 development Supported Chains Want to suggest a custom functionality, use case or have questions for the team? Join our Discord ✕ Get the latest Etherspot &amp; Account Abstraction insights straight to your inbox! Subscribe&nbsp;now&nbsp; Web Site Email Address Integrate Etherspot I'd like to integrate Etherspot in my dApp Audited by TransactionKit BUIDLer Dev Docs Skandha Bundler Contact Brand Assets Pricing Privacy Policy 