 Missed our NFT sale? Check out the Collection on OpenSea x Dust Pools Ether Cards Overview Gallery/Explorer Traits Roadmap Dynamic NFTS Events Build Collection News About Video Blog FAQ Wallet The Phoenix Game Phoenix Burn or Phoenix Ascension? It's up to you! MORE Exchange Dust for Punks Exchange 1,000,000 Dust for a CryptoPunk in the Ether Cards Punk Pools More Claim your Dust now Every Card has been dropped up to 100,000 Dust. You can soon exchange Dust for CryptoPunks! More Launch Dynamic NFTs Ether Cards provides the most advanced set of tools available in the NFT ecosystem. Create dynamic cards that activate discounts, enable access, unlock features, connect to physical items, grant upgrades, and trigger changes based on real-world events. Generate continuous engagement with a community-driven NFT framework. Gamify your drop with dynamic marketplace tools. Bootstrap your project with cards that provide benefits for future services. Natively integrate a full range of features on your platform. Whether you’re a band, a brand or a start-up, you can create a customized dynamic NFT collection that brings your project to life. Create Now Ether Cards Community Discover the Ether Cards First Edition series – dynamic NFT membership cards that give exclusive benefits on our platform and in our partner network. Learn More Marketplace Tools A suite of dynamic marketplace tools to gamify sales and drops. Create battle royale games, puzzles, blind bags, mystery boxes and raffles with your NFTs. Join Business Create dynamic NFT cards that activate the unique qualities of your community. Design custom Traits and features that bring your project to life. Natively integrate a full set of NFT tools on your platform. Check out the latest drops powered by Ether Cards. Get started building your own cards. Create Now Partners &amp; Clients Join the Ether Cards community to stay up to date Join Now * Subscribe today for update Cards Ether Cards Gallery/Explorer Traits Platforms Events Business About Blog FAQ Team Contact Us × Thank You! Your submission has been received! Hop over to our Discord to get daily bites of our upcoming launch! Join Discord Privacy Policy 2021 All Rights reserved 