 Home Blog FAQ About Go to Dapp en EN UK GE RU Home Blog FAQ About NFT swap Farming Vote IDO IL calculator Go to Dapp EN UK GE RU Exon Center DeFi platform with market-leading functionality. Exclusive DEX with personal liquidity. Exon NFT Your account for all DeFi services Exon Swap Higher income for liquidity providers Exon Farming Unique staking with extra yield Exon Vote Platform development through voting Exon IDO Fundraising to raise seed money Exon Pool Get first users for your project The Advantages of Exon Center Exon Center is a DeFi platform with valuable functionality and the opportunity to earn cryptocurrency for all market participants. Smart NFT Technology Access to a single account for all DeFi services via Exon NFT. A new kind of development in a decentralized environment — all your actions and data are recorded in a token and thus increase its value. This token can be bought/sold as a ready-made business - from the moment you buy a pumped NFT, you immediately start earning cryptocurrency. Personal Liquidity in DEX This is an innovative approach in the DeFi ecosystem — every participant who has provided liquidity earns high profits from the cryptocurrency exchange in the pool. By distributing a personal liquidity link, you can increase the number of trades in previously blocked assets and earn more on commissions. Low Fees on the Platform Optimizing smart contracts for exchanges, staking, farming, and other DeFi tools ensures minimal fees for users on the TRON network. This is how Exon Center simplifies the process of buying and selling cryptocurrency on decentralized exchanges. Additional Profit From Farming The participant earns tokens from their farming income by inviting new users through the affiliate program at Exon Center. The more partners attracted, the higher the earnings. Now the user does not depend on the rise or fall of cryptocurrencies — they earn 24/7. Community Voting All users of the service who have EXON tokens, based on the TRON blockchain, can participate in making decisions on the development of decentralized finance platform directions. We are building a community-driven DeFi platform, and that's why we value your every vote. 24/7 Support Our employees are available day and night to answer any questions on Telegram. No problem is left unresolved. Direct and fast access to the support team will ensure the best experience of trading cryptocurrency and using other services. Partners Become Partner Listing Exon Center Home Blog FAQ About Academy x IL calculator MediaKit Labs Services NFT swap Farming Vote IDO x Pool © 2022 All rights reserved 