 Skip to content <div class="elementor-element elementor-element-e290c28 elementor-nav-menu__align-right elementor-nav-menu--dropdown-none elementor-widget-mobile__width-initial elementor-widget elementor-widget-nav-menu" data-id="e290c28" data-element_type="widget" data-settings="{&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;horizontal&quot;,&quot;submenu_icon&quot;:{&quot;value&quot;:&quot; &quot;,&quot;library&quot;:&quot;fa-solid&quot;}}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> Contact Buy Welt Menu Contact Buy Welt NFT Market Stake <div class="elementor-element elementor-element-9709dd2 elementor-widget__width-initial elementor-absolute side_menu elementor-nav-menu--stretch elementor-nav-menu--dropdown-tablet elementor-nav-menu__text-align-aside elementor-nav-menu--toggle elementor-nav-menu--burger elementor-widget elementor-widget-nav-menu" data-id="9709dd2" data-element_type="widget" id="side-menu" data-settings="{&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;vertical&quot;,&quot;_position&quot;:&quot;absolute&quot;,&quot;full_width&quot;:&quot;stretch&quot;,&quot;submenu_icon&quot;:{&quot;value&quot;:&quot; &quot;,&quot;library&quot;:&quot;fa-solid&quot;},&quot;toggle&quot;:&quot;burger&quot;}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> Home Ecosystem Gaming Updates Roadmap Team Partners Menu Home Ecosystem Gaming Updates Roadmap Team Partners WEB3 GAMING EVOLVED WEB3 GAMING EVOLVED Previous Next Our Ecosystem 01 Multiple High- end games 03 All connected Gamingverse 02 Play To Earn &amp; Ingame NFTs Games By Fabwelt Arsenal Fanwelt H2O ARSENAL Arsenal offers a truly immersive gaming experience, where players compete against others in thrilling tournaments and earn rewards through play to earn feature. The integration of NFTs as in game utilities adds another layer of excitement, allowing players to own unique and valuable assets within the game Play Now CROSS-CHAINGAMING MULTIPLAYER MAPS &amp; GAME MODES COMPETE IN TOURNAMENTS IN-GAME NFTS CLAN COMPETITIONS FREE TO PLAY ARSENAL Trailer ARSENAL Game Review ARSENAL 1.09 is LIVE! ARSENAL New Weapons 1.08 ARSENAL Trailer ARSENAL Game Review ARSENAL 1.09 is LIVE! ARSENAL New Weapons 1.08 Arsenal Arsenal offers gamers a chance to experience immersive and action-packed gameplay with its high-quality graphics and smooth performance. With the integration of blockchain technology, players will be able to own valuable in-game assets and participate in exciting tournaments. The play to earn model adds an extra layer of excitement, as players will be able to earn rewards for their skills and performance within the game. Fabwelt is constantly working to bring the best gaming experience to gamers, and Arsenal is a testament to their dedication and commitment to excellence. If you’re a fan of FPS games and looking for a new and exciting gaming experience, Arsenal is definitely worth checking out. Arsenal Fanwelt H2O Fanwelt FANWELT’s vision is to provide a comprehensive fantasy gaming platform that covers popular worldwide sports, giving users a fun and dynamic experience. The platform aims to stand out from the competition by offering a unique points system that allows users to pick players and create their own custom fantasy teams. Unlike other fantasy sport platforms, FANWELT recognizes the importance of a well-designed points system in providing a enjoyable and engaging experience for players. With its unique gameplay and customization options, FANWELT is poised to provide users with a truly one-of-a-kind fantasy sports experience. Play Now APP COMING SOON CHANCE OF SKILL COMPETE IN TOURNAMENTS IN-GAME NFTS WORLDWIDE SPORTS PLAY TO EARN TOURNAMENTS Play Video THE FUTURE OF ESPORT Are you a sports lover? Fanwelt aims to offer a comprehensive platform for sports fans and fantasy gamers, offering multiple games across various sporting genres. With the integration of blockchain technology, the platform will offer features such as in-game NFTs, Play to Earn and in-game DeFi. Users will be able to create their own teams and place bets, making for an exciting and immersive gaming experience. Arsenal Fanwelt H2O H2O A novel aquatic racing game that’s set to redefine the genre. With its launch date set for August 2nd, H2O promises to deliver an immersive, adrenaline-filled experience that combines high-speed racing with the unique dynamics of water navigation. H2O captures the thrill and excitement of watercraft racing, creating an innovative gaming platform that offers players a completely new dimension of gaming. Play Now MOBILE GAME MULTIPLAYER AROUND THE WORLD COMPETE IN TOURNAMENTS COLLECTABLE IN-GAME NFTS CONNECT VIA BSC OR POLYGON PLAY TO EARN FEATURE! Play Video H2O Boat racing In H20, players will have the opportunity to not only enjoy the fun of water racing but also earn rewards through the Play to Earn system. The game offers a unique experience with a variety of cool boats to choose from, and players will be able to feel the thrill of speed as they race to the finish line. The refreshing gameplay and fun boats make H20 a game that will appeal to players of all ages. To make the experience even more exciting, the game is incorporating NFTs, allowing players to own and collect unique, valuable assets within the game. By incorporating Play to Own, players can not only enjoy the gameplay but also hold assets that have real value. Get ready to dive into the world of H20 and experience the ultimate water racing experience with the added excitement of NFTs and Play to Earn updates Want to know what’s new with Fabwelt? Stay up to date with our Medium and press release coverage right here! ARSENAL MOBILE March 02 2023 The most anticipated news for our family is arriving on 25th December 2022. Bells are ringing and we can hear them with a pleasant sound. Fabwelt team is ecstatic to bring a blissful atmosphere before the year ends with Arsenal coming to mobile as an application.&nbsp; Read More NFT Rental may 09 2023 With the reNFT protocol, NFT holders can leverage their assets by renting them out for use in blockchain gaming experiences, allowing more players to engage in the game without purchasing an NFT. This boosts game economies and helps to encourage the use of NFTs in gaming. Read More H2O launch announced June 30 2023 Exciting news! We're thrilled to announce the launch of H2O! H2O is an innovative, never-before-seen water racing game on the blockchain! Immerse yourself in the thrill of the race and the future of gaming. Mark your calendars for August 2nd, 2023, and prepare to make a splash! Read More Fabwelt Studios levels up with IndiGG february 09 2023 Fabwelt Studios partners with IndiGG, the largest Web3 Gaming DAO in India. Web3 Gaming with IndiGG is absolutely on a roll with its unique and engaging structure of organizing tournaments and mesmerizing quests. Read More HACKATHON WINNER Oct 12 2022 Polygon jury team seized out 38 BUIDL projects from a total of 137 submissions for shortlisting “Jury’s Votes”. These projects were honored with community recognition for being superior in contributing to the Polygon eco-diversity and innovation. Read More 1st prize on the EOS EVM Hackathon May 13 2023 We are proud to announce winning the 1st price on the Trust EVM GameFi Hackathon. This will be the first step to take the Fabwelt's gaming ecosystem towards the Trust EVM layer on EOS network.&nbsp; Read More ARSENAL MOBILE March 02 2023 The most anticipated news for our family is arriving on 25th December 2022. Bells are ringing and we can hear them with a pleasant sound. Fabwelt team is ecstatic to bring a blissful atmosphere before the year ends with Arsenal coming to mobile as an application.&nbsp; Read More NFT Rental may 09 2023 With the reNFT protocol, NFT holders can leverage their assets by renting them out for use in blockchain gaming experiences, allowing more players to engage in the game without purchasing an NFT. This boosts game economies and helps to encourage the use of NFTs in gaming. Read More H2O launch announced June 30 2023 Exciting news! We're thrilled to announce the launch of H2O! H2O is an innovative, never-before-seen water racing game on the blockchain! Immerse yourself in the thrill of the race and the future of gaming. Mark your calendars for August 2nd, 2023, and prepare to make a splash! Read More Fabwelt Studios levels up with IndiGG february 09 2023 Fabwelt Studios partners with IndiGG, the largest Web3 Gaming DAO in India. Web3 Gaming with IndiGG is absolutely on a roll with its unique and engaging structure of organizing tournaments and mesmerizing quests. Read More HACKATHON WINNER Oct 12 2022 Polygon jury team seized out 38 BUIDL projects from a total of 137 submissions for shortlisting “Jury’s Votes”. These projects were honored with community recognition for being superior in contributing to the Polygon eco-diversity and innovation. Read More 1st prize on the EOS EVM Hackathon May 13 2023 We are proud to announce winning the 1st price on the Trust EVM GameFi Hackathon. This will be the first step to take the Fabwelt's gaming ecosystem towards the Trust EVM layer on EOS network.&nbsp; Read More Previous Next Fabwelt (WELT) 0.010661 USD (-6.59%) RANK 1092 MARKET CAP $2.44 M USD VOLUME $436.19 K USD Powered by CoinMarketCap ROADMAP 2023 Our team of blockchain and gaming specialists work hard to maximize our output each Qtr and strive to deliver results only for the long term. Q3 2023 Gaming 2.O Arsenal 1.9 Launch H2O H2O website launch New Guilds PROGRESS 95% Q4 2023 whats next Gamersportal development Arsenal 2.0 New NFT market Beta Launch Fanwelt Main website revamp H2O website launch Fanwelt website revamp New Lending portal PROGRESS 2% Q1 2024 WHATS NEXT H2O 2.0 Beta Launch 5th Game Marketing Phase 8 Development 6th game Ambassador Program Esports Tournaments Team Building Gamersportal launch PROGRESS 0% View Full Roadmap OUR TEAM Meet our dedicated team of professionals ABHISHEK PEGADA CEO Facebook Twitter Linkedin LOET DE HOOGE FOUNDER Twitter Linkedin PRAVEEN GUJJARI COO Twitter Linkedin LOET DE HOOGE FOUNDER Twitter Linkedin ABHISHEK PEGADA CEO Facebook Twitter Linkedin PRAVEEN GUJJARI COO Twitter Linkedin JEMELITO C. Marketing Linkedin RUBINA NAAZ BDM Facebook Twitter Linkedin Dexter P. Lirio Game Strategy Linkedin Arcot R Sathish Graphic designer Rohini Full Stack Developer PARTNERSHIPs &amp; COLLABORATIONS We collaborate with the best Previous Next Previous Next Previous Next Previous Next OUR ADVISORS We collaborate with the best YIDA GAO Founder of Shima Capital, an early stage crypto VC fund backed by investors like Dragonfly Capital and DCG. Incubated Mythical Games, the creators of Blankos. Former investor at NEA and M&amp;A banker at Morgan Stanley. Math/CS @MIT, MBA @ Stanford Linkedin Products Ecosystem Gaming DEFI Arsenal Features Updates Roadmap Partners Whitepaper Contact Privacy Policy Follow Us Facebook Twitter Youtube Telegram Medium Github Linkedin Discord 2023 © Copyrights FABWELT 