 Menu AirDrop Emerald Sapphire SKALE BNB Sapphire change network disconnect connect wallet About the game About the game TRY YOUR LUCK Купить NEW CHARACTERS Купить close Please connect wallet MetaMask How to buy ROSE How to get rose tokens to your MetaMask wallet! 1. Buy Rose on CEX (Binance, KuCoin, Coinbase, Gate.io and etc.). 2. Creating an Oasis Wallet. 3. Adding Emerald Mainnet to MetaMask. 4. Bridging ROSE from Oasis Wallet to MetaMask. Disconnect wallet Your TON balanceL Deposit ... Your in-game TON balance: Open Games Past games Empty or only your game Connect your wallet to start playing. Connect your wallet to start playing. NEW Characters Try your luck Characters Weapons Armors Map Steel plant Moon portals Number of players (coming soon) 2 players Select a token: Bet per round Number of rounds Total prize pool: - Your deposit: - create What is a wallet? Wallets are used to send, receive, and store digital assets. Connecting a wallet lets you interact with apps. Install the wallet Nothing new, arcade shooter rules, but with an ability to earn! 1. Users can create a new game or connect to an existing game session. 2. The game host chooses the number of rounds and the amount that he is ready to bet on his victory in each round. Both users make the deposit, and Fair Protocol smart contract makes sure everything is fair! 3. Users receive rewards for each round they won. 4. Users can end the game any time and take the reward. 5. Fair Protocol charges 3% for each in-game transaction. Info Error FairFight AirDrop You can get your first ROSE tokens to play the FairFight absolutely for free! Get First Get your prize by playing at least 5 games! Your games counter: 0 Get Prize FairFight leaderboard In the last 7 days In the last 30 days Wallet Games Wins Tokens won Wallet Games Wins Tokens won The leaderboard is updated once a day. Coming soon Inventory Change NFT shop Characters Armor Weapons Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Soon Character Features: Name: Token approved. You have successfully bought the NFT! Now you can see it in the inventory. Purchace Give permission to spend USDT To continue, you need to allow FAIR smart contracts to use the token. This has to be done only once for each token. Please, sign transaction in your wallet. close Purchace Transaction in progress Wait for the transaction to complete Purchace Confirm transaction Please, sign transaction in your wallet close Error Transaction was rejected by the user close Purchase completed You have successfully purchased the NFT View transaction on Blockchain Explorer Back to NFT shop Go to inventory Change network BNB Emerald Sapphire SKALE CHARACTERS WEAPONS ARMOR BOOTS NFT BOX Sort Sort Ascending price Descending price Rarity Basic Special Rare Epic Legendary 10.00 NFT Box Try your luck and get a guaranteed NFT of random rarity. Buy now We've hidden our entire NFT collection in mysterious chests. Try your luck and get a guaranteed NFT of random rarity. Characters Armor Weapons Boots ITEMS CHARACTERS WEAPONS ARMOR BOOTS CHARACTER WEAPON ARMOR BOOTS 3 3 480 160 CHARACTER WEAPON ARMOR BOOTS 3 3 480 160 Info collection "Immortal Thunder" is a pistol from the legendary collection, forged by the god of fire himself, capable of crushing enemies with lightning shots, its history goes back to the time of the ancient battles of the gods, and only a chosen hero can release its true power to change the course of war. Take it off Use Try on Go to inventory Buy loot box NFT Box Try your luck and get a guaranteed NFT of random rarity. We've hidden our entire NFT collection in mysterious chests. Try your luck and get a guaranteed NFT of random rarity. Characters Armor Weapons Boots Approve Boots Waiting for confirmation Please confirm this transaction in your wallet Pending... Wait for the transaction to complete 