 THE VISIONARIES COLLECTION The rise of the visionaries starts here Get them Now BNV Visionaries The Visionaries are BNV’s premium membership tokens that allow exclusive access to the BNV fashion ecosystem and community style tribes. These digitally wearable accessories are co-created in collaboration with fashion leaders, designers and platforms pioneering the future vision of digital identity. This diverse and growing headwear collection allows the owner access to multiple partner experiences, discounts to future fashion drops, and acts as a portal to unique interactions in BNV World. Collect a Visionary and claim your status as one of the first visionaries in the new era of digital fashion. If you already own one, head over to the ME:ID avatar creator and discover how you can use it to craft your digital identity (launching soon). Find Vs on 2 Visionary Categories THE Gs The Gs are high end digital eyewear NFTs for the visionaries of the new fashion metaverse economy. Holders will get 3 of the 4 unique earning abilities “Wear”, “Craft” and “Style” in the upcoming BNV World, plus a slew of other benefits and premium access to our real world and web3 fashion events. There will only ever be 1000 Gs. Style, Craft &amp; Wear Unique Earning Ability 75% Discount to Wearable drops 100,000 FA$H airdrop reward Total Quantity Available: 1000 Connect Wallet to Buy Your purchasing quota: G2 The G2s are 10,000 high end headsets of The Family of Gs collection that come in a range of styles inspired by some of the most incredible communities and artists we are partnering with in Web3. Holders will get the unique abilities for Fashion &amp; Earn with the “Craft” and “Wear” attributes in BNV World. Craft &amp; Wear Unique Earning Ability 50% Discount to Wearable drops 10,000 FA$H airdrop reward 3 ways to get a G2: We release versions of this with partner communities. Join one of their mint events. Join one of our real life events (follow social media) Reach out to us on Discord or email hello@bnv.me if you are a brand, artist, web3 community or public personality that would like to enter our growing fashion metaverse with the G2s Reach Us On Discord Find Your Style Community Within the metadata of each Visionary includes the key to unlock access to your style tribe. Each is unique and co-created using aesthetic elements relevant to our partners’ brand. They are a portal to comic story worlds, music, new media experiences, game-engine worlds, fashion shopping experiences and more. They each unlock something unique in our ME:ID avatar creator for you to build a digital identity and find your style tribe. (launching soon) G2 by Metakey x BNV Metakey is a truly agnostic and massively interoperable web3 utility creator. Their core product is a single token that can integrate with multiple platforms and games to transform into avatars; weapons; vehicles; exp bonuses; grant access to virtual land and exclusive educational content; VIP experiences at virtual events; and much more. Number of holders: 329 Minting ended on 20/09/2022 G2 by WildernessP2E x BNV Wilderness is a free rewarding role playing NFT Game in the Decentraland Metaverse with its own NFT and crypto economy ($WLDY). Players role play as wizards, and earn $WLDY as they play a variety of mini games and quests on the land. They can join clans, attend parties and get wearables that give them in-game bonuses. Number of holders: 170 Minting ended on 05/10/2022 G2 by Teens On Acid x BNV Joshua Thorsen, also known as Teens On Acid, is a neo-pop artist.TOA was formed in 2007 with the intention of being a collective of artists but soon turned into a personal brand and the focus of Joshua’s creative output. His art is heavily influenced by the 80s and 90s skate scene, manga, anime, western saturday morning cartoons &amp; the phenomenon of action figure and trading card culture. The community that supports the work of TOA resonates deeply with collectibility. This in turn fuels the generative nft releases and 1/1 weekly art drops that take place on the Fantom blockchain. Collectibility is always at the forefront of his creative thinking, believing aesthetics will always surpass rarity. It's with that mindset that style and character is applied to his work within the digital and traditional art space to deliver collections that stand on their own and resonate on a personal level with collectors. One does not have to chase rarity to be understood or stand on your own when entering the TOA community as a collector. Number of holders: 500 Minting ended on 06/11/2022 G2 by FEAR City x BNV FEAR city is born out of creative expression. The goal is to use the power of web3 technology to bring the dark and beautiful metaverse of FEAR city to life across all mediums. Number of holders: 500 Minting ended on 17/12/2022 G2 by NFT Factory x BNV The NFT Factory was created as a unique space to discover NFTs with a collective team of 128 tech and crypto leaders, artists, investors and managers of companies. Number of holders: 314 Minting ended on 01/02/2023 G2 by Mishka x BNV МИШКА—born in Brooklyn, raised in Hell—was founded in 2003. The brand started as a humble t-shirt company that wanted to spread art and weirdness through graphic designs. МИШКА has since grown into a lifestyle brand with a worldwide presence. But make no mistake: the “DIY” ethics of New York City’s electric street-culture is the heart that beats at МИШКА’s core. That raw passion, and the brand’s devotion to celebrating the individual, has taken a small family of Brooklyn based #DeathAdders to the world stage. Now based in Los Angeles МИШКА’s universe is open and inclusive. МИШКА celebrates the weirdness of the world and bucks the exclusionary measures that plague anything labeled as "cool." Anyone who has a passion for the unusual, the atypical and the weird can find a spot on МИШКА’s team. Join the movement and reject normalcy. And as always… KEEP WATCH! Number of holders: 500 Minting ended on 10/03/2023 The Liberty G2 by BNV x Animoca Brands Animoca Brands, a Deloitte Tech Fast winner and ranked in the Financial Times list of High Growth Companies Asia-Pacific 2023, is a leader in digital entertainment, blockchain, and gamification that is working to advance digital property rights and contribute to the establishment of the open metaverse. The company develops and publishes a broad portfolio of products including the REVV token and SAND token; original games including The Sandbox, Crazy Kings, and Crazy Defense Heroes; and products utilizing popular intellectual properties including Disney, WWE, Snoop Dogg, The Walking Dead, Power Rangers, MotoGP™, and Formula E. It has multiple subsidiaries, including The Sandbox, Blowfish Studios, Quidd, GAMEE, nWay, Pixowl, Forj, Lympo, Animoca Brands Japan, Grease Monkey Games, Eden Games, Darewise Entertainment, Notre Game, TinyTap, Be Media, PIXELYNX, and WePlay Media. Animoca Brands has a growing portfolio of more than 380 investments, including Colossal, Axie Infinity, OpenSea, Dapper Labs (NBA Top Shot), Yield Guild Games, Harmony, Alien Worlds, Star Atlas, and others. Number of holders: 137 G2 by Highstreet x BNV Highstreet is a commerce-centered metaverse integrating shopping with gaming. While products from brands bring an endless supply of cosmetics bridging character customizations with real world fashion, an MMORPG backbone further adds utility to them allowing players to craft unique NFTs to either profit or elevate their gameplay. Number of holders: 500 Minting ended on 25/04/2023 Nova Visao G2 by NFC Lisbon x BNV NFC is an experimental Web3 event that brings the global NFT community together. NFC exists to help shape the future of Web3 events. Number of holders: 292 Minting ended on 20/06/2023 COMPARE BASIC BENEFITS FOR VISIONARIES HOLDERS Gs G2s / Vs Total Supply 1,000 10,000 Price 1 Eth Free Unique abilities to earn in BNV world Style, Craft, Wear Craft, Wear / Style, Wear Periodic Airdrop Types Designer Brand, Community Collections Community Collections FA$H airdrop reward to holders (before cut off date) 100,000 tokens 10,000 tokens Discount to selected BNV drops 75% 50% Access Level to BNV events Premium Standard Voting power in the DAO High Normal TRY OUT THE FILTER ON INSTAGRAM FAQ What are BNV Wearables? What are The Visionaries? How much does it cost to mint The Gs? What is Fashion &amp; Earn? JOIN OUR GROWING COMMUNITY Follow Us 