 Play games Nest Rental Wallet Marketplace Staking Social COLLECT,FLY,AND EARN! Fancy Birds and Fancy Birds: Sky Wars are NFT play-and-earn games created by Fancy Studios. Fly, breed and compete to become the most fancy bird around! Fancy Birds Fly your bird and dodge obstacles to reach the Treehouse. Craft special items, compete in tournaments and climb the seasonal leaderboards! Play Fancy Birds: Sky Wars Dodge bullets and shoot down other birds in this multiplayer dogfight style game! Become the top rank! Play Fancy Hop Hop to the top in this fast-paced platform game. Avoid UFOs and use special power-ups to move around in style! Play Collection Don't have a bird? Grab a bird from our Marketplace or the rental page to start playing today! Rent birds Genesis birds Baby birds Meet our partners What is Fancy Birds? Fancy Birds is the first game created by Fancy Studios, with many more games already in development. Fancy Birds consist of 8,888 randomly generated birds with different features! Racing to earn their spot and claim the Treehouse Trophy, each bird will fight and race to earn their spot as the fanciest bird in the nest. Do you have what it takes? What is needed to play? You can play Fancy Birds for free! However, if you wish to enjoy more benefits in-game, you will need one bird (either a genesis bird or baby bird). Bird owners will be able to complete quests, compete on leaderboards, battle it out in tournaments, and earn $FNC in-game! Bot disclaimer Games and tournaments must be played directly by humans. The use of bots, ML, AI, pets, extra terrestrials or other means will get your bird banned permanently from breeding and playing. If you believe you have been banned by mistake, please join our discord to appeal. Fancy Birds is the first game created by Fancy Studios, with many more games already in development. Fancy Birds consist of 8,888 randomly generated birds with different features! Racing to earn their spot and claim the Treehouse Trophy, each bird will fight and race to earn their spot as the fanciest bird in the nest. Do you have what it takes? Have questions or suggestions? admin@fancystudios.com Play games Nest Rental Wallet Marketplace Staking Social Menu Connect wallet Connect to the site below with one of our available wallet providers Metamask https://metamask.io Connect WalletConnect https://walletconnect.com Connect Warning You've recently returned a rented bird to its owner, please visit our Discord server as fast fast as possible and open a ticket in Support Section—tag Bubbles for help. Report at Discord 