 FS | Unlock Profitable WEB3 Opportunities Projects Raise crypto capital Litepaper Blog Get $FS Launch the app Launch app Unlock Profitable Blockchain Opportunities Now! Get early access to the ground-breaking projects of tomorrow with the ability to invest in the hottest IDO and INO. Unlock exclusive opportunities Invest with the best Data scientists, AI and decentralized vetting. Gain peace of mind knowing you're investing in projects that are carefully curated and DAO-vetted for accuracy and reliability. Invest smart and secure, with the help of our proprietary curation score. Make your idea a reality faster Access the best minds in dev, marketing, and funding to give your project the boost it needs. With the Web3 accelerator, you can get strategic introductions to the right network of KOLs, trusted potential partners, and other benefits that will help you accelerate your ideas and achieve success. Native multichain experience Unlock the full potential of decentralized investment with multi-chain interoperability! Now you can easily select your favorite blockchain network and participate in innovative opportunities across multiple networks. Unlocking global capital with FS Our decentralized investment app takes care of all the regulatory and compliance requirements, ensuring your project attracts the widest variety of investors with minimal effort. Launch a successful, compliant, and audited IDO, IEO or INO today with FS. Apply for funding And&nbsp;all&nbsp;other&nbsp;EVM&nbsp;networks Start raising funds Get serious about investment with our Investment Tiers. The protocol uses tier based system to determine the guaranteed allocation for each participant in a pool. Minion NFT Tier 1 1X Lottery tickets 1X Pool weight 13,500 FS Price Purchase Compare all NFT keys Big things ahead, Roadmap for 2023 Make the most of blockchain opportunities and drastically increase user adoption with our web3 fundraising platform. Enjoy an optimal user experience and benefit from enhanced security that will keep your user data safe. Q1 Launching $FS Liquid Staking on multiple blockchains, and start the LSD party! Q2 New products and verticals expansion. Q3 Bridge the traditional and web3 markets Our advisors will help you unlock your potential We carefully selected our advisors and partners, so it enables you to navigate the rapidly evolving blockchain industry. Please contact our remote global sales team to receive more information on how FantomStarter can help your business. Marco Robustelli CBO at ANKR Show the whole team&nbsp; Show the whole team&nbsp; Let’s connect! Start investing FantomStarter Team Litepaper Audit Scout program Help FAQ Contact Careers Socials Twitter Telegram Discord Github Blog Terms of service FantomStarter © 2021-2023 This website may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Cookie Settings" Cookie Settings Deny all Accept all 