You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.FATExDAOFIDUCIARY - ASSETS - TRADE - ENTERPRISELAUNCH APPComing soonGREENPAPERLEARN MOREDisrupt BiggerDisrupt BetterDisrupt ForeverFATExDAO is an ESG aligned Neo-DeFi disruptor and economic equalizer oriented on stability, transparency, and fiduciary professionalism. FATExDEX mainnet launches on the Harmony blockchain as a traditional liquidity pool emitter of the FATE governance token and to build membership. To focus on rapidly evolving into a high-yield, digital depository supported by monetization channels that shift away from crypto-centric emission schemes.Create ValueBuild AdvantagesEfficiently DiversifyDLT-tokenization correctly deployed will revamp all financial systems and provide exponential, sustainable wealth. With civic leadership we will realign economies to focus on win-only, multi-generational strategies. Empowering everyone to control their own FATE.Founding TeamAustin Green - Creator, CEOB.A. Int'l Political-Economy from Columbia University, M.A. Finance and M.A. Education from NYU.10 years in prop/algo trading, corporate/investment banking, and global treasury. Left finance to teach math at a public school in South Bronx, NYC for 5+ years until beginning work on the mission of FATExDAO in 2020.Ciantera Rose - Associate FounderB.S. in Biology from Loyola-Marymount University, recent coding bootcamp graduate.Extremely passionate about FATExDAO and its potential to increase equity, ESG practice, and removal of social barriers via a highly-profitable and socially responsible corporate enterprise.Corey Caplan - Advisor (Smart Contracts)B.S. in Computer Science &amp; Business from Lehigh UniversityFounded Dolomite.io in 2018 and has been building in the industry ever since. Has extensive in-depth experience developing Ethereum smart contracts and web3-based applications. Built the initial FATEx ecosystem smart contracts, and acts as an advisor to the project.Adam Knuckey - Advisor (Frontend)B.S. in Computer Science &amp; Business from Lehigh UniversityFounded Dolomite.io in 2018 and has been building in the industry ever since. Is passionate about building sleek and easy-to-use web3 user applications in the DeFi space. Designed and built the initial FATEx ecosystem websites and webapps, and acts as an advisor to the project.Want to help change the world?Join us. There is work to be done.DAO LINKSWant to help change the world? Join our team - jobs@fatexdao.ioContact us: info@fatex.io© FATExDAO (dba), LLC 2021All logos &amp; images are © copyright protected and unregistered trademarks of FATExDAO and its legal entities. Any unauthorized use is expressly prohibited.FATEx© FATExDAO (dba), LLC 2021All logos &amp; images are © copyright protected and unregistered trademarks of FATExDAO and its legal entities. Any unauthorized use is expressly prohibited.