 Your privacy is important to us. With your permission, by navigating this site data will be stored in your browser, in order to enhance your browsing experience. Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy More Options Accept All Drops Marketplace Games $FEVR About Sign In/Up Sign In/Up Sign In/Up Drops Marketplace Games $FEVR About PRE-SEASON The beta test has ended By downloading and playing, you accept the Terms and Conditions . AVAILABLE ON MOBILE COMING SOON SEASON 1 OPEN BETA COMING SOON SEASON 1 OPEN BETA COMING SOON Intense competitions, new game modes and features! Register now for the first season of the most innovative Play-And-Earn strategy game. I consent to receive newsletters from RealFevr about its products, new features, tournaments, campaigns, milestones, and any related initiatives. For further information please check our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . Subscribe PRE-SEASON The beta test has ended By downloading and playing, you accept the Terms and Conditions . AVAILABLE ON MOBILE COMING SOON SEASON 1 OPEN BETA COMING SOON SEASON 1 OPEN BETA COMING SOON Intense competitions, new game modes and features! Register now for the first season of the most innovative Play-And-Earn strategy game. I consent to receive newsletters from RealFevr about its products, new features, tournaments, campaigns, milestones, and any related initiatives. For further information please check our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . Subscribe Sign in to get your login code. Sign In Download Game In order to start your $FEVR Battle Arena journey, download the game on our website. Read the Terms &amp; Conditions to start playing. Sign In and Create Your Profile Sign in on our website and create your User Profile. Choose a username and avatar picture, and register your email to receive the latest news. Authenticate in Game with Login Code After creating your profile, you'll need to generate a code that you will then use to login into the game and configurate your profile in-game. Game Features Ticket Shop FEVR BATTLE ARENA OPEN BETA FEATURES FEVR Battle Arena is the first Web3 Football Moments game in the world , where you can use your moments as in-game assets, create decks and battle against other players. Get ready to win amazing rewards and become the ultimate champion! GAME MODES BATTLES Play against Artificial Intelligence (PVE) or against other players (PVP). Available in a Free-To-Play mode as well as in a Ticket-Based mode (tickets are purchased in our store and will grant you access to different Arenas with different rules and rewards). Recomended for: Beginner players Intermediate players Experienced Players (high-level arenas) COMING SOON PRIVATE MATCHES Create direct challenges and battle specific opponents in a 1V1 combat mode. This game mode is available in Free-To-Play and Ticket-Based. Recomended for: Beginner players Intermediate to experienced players COMING SOON CAMPAIGN For those who enjoy a good lore and storytelling, this future game mode will be something to give a try! Complete the story mode campaign and earn unique rewards. Recomended for: New Players COMING SOON TOURNAMENTS The ultimate mode for the ultimate champion. Tournaments are events hosted at specific times where players compete against each other in a typical tournament/championship structure. Amazing rewards await. Recomended for: Intermediate to experienced players TICKET SYSTEM PLAYER STATS Stamina : Represents the damage a player can take before being destroyed. Defense Damage : Represents the damage a player can do when placed in the defensive line. Offense Damage : Represents the damage a player can do when placed in the offensive line. Goalkeeper Damage : Represents the damage a player can do when placed in the goalkeeper line. PLAYER ABILITIES Some moments have special abilities which are activated when they are placed on the field, either affecting a lane, the entire pitch or one target of your choosing. Super Sub Can attack in the same turn it is placed on the field (still costs 1 action point). Ball Stopper Puts itself in the way of attacks targeted to the goalkeeper or empty net. Inspire I Increases the Active Damage Points of a single moment when entering the pitch. Inspire II Increases the Active Damage Points to the whole lane where it is placed when entering the pitch. Inspire III Increases Active Damage Points to all team when entering the pitch. Captain I Increases the Stamina of a single moment when entering the pitch. Captain II Increases the Stamina to the whole lane where it is placed when entering the pitch. Captain III Increases the Stamina of the whole team when entering the pitch. DECK BUILDER In Deck Builder, you'll gather your moments to create your winning deck according to your strategies. Each deck must have 50 moments, in which at least 3 are goalkeepers. DECK BUILDING TIPS Try out different combinations and strategies based on your moments collection. Each deck must include at least 3 goalkeepers. However, you can add more to fit your perfect strategy. Keep in mind this is a game of strategy and therefore, you will want to find a balance between how many Defenders, Midfielders and Forwards you use. Depending on your moment stats, your deck will have a rating between 1 to 5 stars. That rating will be a key component for a fair matchmaking. Some moments have special abilities. Keep those in mind when making combos and building perfect player synergies. PLAYING THE GAME Understand every game phase before entering the arena for the first time. 1 2 3 PLACE YOUR GOALKEEPER At the beginning of the match you will have to choose your starter goalkeeper between the ones you have in your deck. Three moments will be randomly chosen for you to select. Select your starting goalkeeper, drag it and drop it in the goal lane to place it. CHANGELOG Visualize every recent minor change/fix applied to the game in every update we make. Versions v0.60.9 (Jun 23, 2023) Daily Game rules updated to reflect current rules SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER AND FIND OUT HOW YOU CAN GET FREE BATTLE ARENA TICKETS I consent to receive newsletters from RealFevr about its products, new features, tournaments, campaigns, milestones, and any related initiatives. For further information please check our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . Subscribe FAQs What kind of game is FEVR Battle Arena? The game follows the traditional game mechanics of some of the most well-known digital card games in the industry, such as Magic the Gathering and Hearthstone. The difference is that instead of cards it uses moments powered by blockchain technology, making it a web 3 game. Is FEVR Battle Arena a Play-To-Earn game? The Play2Earn model is unsustainable in the long term. RealFevr will not walk the same path nor commit the same mistakes that many failed projects unfortunately did, and so we adopted the Play-And-Earn model. You can earn rewards if you’re skilled and play in the specific game modes that offer them, or you can enjoy the Free-To-Play experience. What do I need to play FEVR Battle Arena? To play the game you will need a web3 wallet: MetaMask, Wallet Connect, TrustWallet, it's up to you. Then you'll need to connect it to our website to create your User Profile, then generate a code that you'll need to login into the game. You can download the game in our website, and it is available for all browsers. Do I need to buy moments to play the game? You can build decks with Grey tier moments, which are Free-To-Play moments that we grant you so you can experience the game entirely for free, or build hybrid decks with some purchased moments and Grey tier moments. The latter have lower stats, but thanks to the matchmaking feature you'll be paired up with people of similar deck strength. As you gain confidence and build up your skills, you may choose to purchase more moments to build stronger decks. Do I need to mint my moments to use them in-game? No need to mint your moments to use them in the game, only if you wish to sell them in the Marketplace. Where can I buy the moments and the $FEVR tokens I need to play the game? You can purchase moments in our Marketplace (which will be imported in-game in the future) or by participating in our Drops. As for the $FEVR tokens you can buy them directly in our website with your credit card (RAMP) or on Pancakeswap , Gate.io and Bitget . It is also listed in Uniswap, but the ETH pair cannot be used in-game You can learn more about the $FEVR token in our website . What game modes are available? We wish to tailor to all types of gamers (from casual to hardcore), investors and collectors, and so there are plenty of game modes to try, with some coming in the future. Play Battle mode to experience PVE (against the A.I), PVP and Arena matches to earn rewards, challenge friends directly with Duels, follow a story mode with Campaign mode or participate in tournaments to be crowned the ultimate champion and earn the best rewards. How do I create a deck? Use the Deck Creation Tool to gather your moments together and build your winning deck. Moments come in different tiers of rarity, with their respective positions (Forward, Midfielder, Defender and Goalkeeper) and different special abilities. Each deck needs 50 moments in total, in which 3 must be Goalkeepers. They are rated with stars to demonstrate the combined power of your moments. Try out different combinations according to your strategy! How do I play? Choose a game mode and start a match. We recommend you start by practicing in PVE against the A.I. Follow the game instructions as you place the moments on your part of the pitch (represented by the light green lanes, as the dark green ones belong to your opponent). Click your moments and drag the arrow to your targets to attack them. Take down your opponent's Defenders and Goalkeeper to score goals! What are the tickets in the in-game store for? The Battle game mode offers you plenty of options. You can play PVE, PVP or play matches in different arenas where you can earn rewards. You'll need to purchase a ticket in the in-game store with $FEVR tokens in order to access these arenas. JOIN THE ULTIMATE BATTLE Test Now Join Discord Our Community Stay Tuned for Upcoming Packs Subscribe our mailing list to keep updated with all the latest drops and news. I consent to receive newsletters from RealFevr about its products, new features, tournaments, campaigns, milestones, and any related initiatives. For further information please check our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . Subscribe Join Our Active Community Don't miss out on the latest news and conversations happening in our passionate community. Join our Telegram and Discord channels to get involved! Discord Telegram Official Chat Telegram Announcements Gitbook Knowledge Base give your feedback help us improve About Careers Contacts FAQ Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Conditions Tracked on CoinGecko CoinMarketCap $FEVR Token Get $FEVR Buy &amp; Stake RealFevr is powered by BNB Chain © 2023 RealFevr · All Rights Reserved 