 Connect Wallet or try our services in the Demo Account Open a Fiat24 account You need a Fiat24 NFT in your wallet to use our service. The NFT number is your unique account identifier. Choose your account number Disconnect&nbsp; Please make sure your wallet has been connected to Ethereum Arbitrum network. CLOSE Top up amount too low Top up amount too low, the minimum amount is 10.00 €! Top up amount too low Top up amount too low, the minimum amount is $10.00! SMS sent SMS sent successfully! SMS not sent SMS failed to send, please try again! E-mail sent E-mail sent successfully! E-mail not sent E-mail failed to send, please try again! In Progress Transaction in progress, please wait a few seconds... Approving Approve access to tokens in progress, please wait a few seconds... Completed Transaction completed successfully! Approved Access approval to tokens completed successfully! Failed Transaction failed! ETH for gas not enough Could not proceed with the transaction, because you do not have enough ETH for gas! Buy ETH Not approved Access approval to tokens failed! Account does not exist The account you try to send money to does not exist. Please check that it is correct. Can not send money to yourself You are connected to the account you try to send money. Please check that the information is correct. Gas Station × Third Party Providers Mt Pelerin Cancel Action popped up in your wallet OK Learning Center Give feedback Getting started Tutorials Registration Buy Land Cash Top-up Crypto Top-up Currency Exchange Cash Payout Debit Card More information Experiencing Problems? Contact our Technical Support Contact our Client Service Please always include your NFT Account number in all correspondence. Our use of third party logos is intended as descriptive only. It does not necessarily represent an affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, or cooperation. If you wish us to remove your logo, please contact us. Experiencing Problems? Contact our Technical Support Contact our Client Service Please always include your NFT Account number in all correspondence. × Access data Sign with your wallet to access your data. No cost (or gas) will be charged. Sign Logout Fiat24? Do you want to disconnect your wallet? Cancel Logout × Problems signing? The connection with your wallet might have been lost, please reconnect or go back to previous page. Go back Reconnect Wallet's session lost The session with the wallet has been lost, please refresh your browser and reconnect. Reconnect We use cookies to personalise ads and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Reject cookies Allow cookies Text copied to clipboard! CLOSE Connect Wallet × Metamask Wallet Browser Coinbase Wallet Connect Ledger By connecting your wallet to Fiat24, you agree to its Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Fiat24 - Login 