 Shop Apps FIEFVERSE Community Tools Connect Wallet Coming Soon loot Farms Earn rewards on your favorite metaverse assets without them ever leaving your wallet. It's as easy as killing boars in the forest. Build The Fiefverse With Vox Blox Level up by creating your own UGC assets and sub-worlds. Read Whitepaper Buy now THE V1 BETA OF THE VOX BUILDER IS LIVE! START CREATING Glarbs have arrived Own the original characters of the next great NFT card battler. Available exclusively on Arbitrum One. Buy Now Battle Waves of Enemies in Fiefverse Survival Earn real rewards with this free-to-play game mode. Available on PC. Get Started learn more about Fiefverse Survival Level Up Your Experience With A Fief Account Create a Fief account today and claim your very own username! With a Fief account, you can fully access Fief Protocol dapps and play in the Fiefverse. CREATE AN ACCOUNT Earn with FIEF Token Lock your tokens to earn weekly FIEF rewards and daily Influence Point distributions to fuel your Fief experience. Stake Fief learn more about staking Coming Soon loot Farms Earn rewards on your favorite metaverse assets without them ever leaving your wallet. It's as easy as killing boars in the forest. Build The Fiefverse With Vox Blox Level up by creating your own UGC assets and sub-worlds. Read Whitepaper Buy now THE V1 BETA OF THE VOX BUILDER IS LIVE! START CREATING Glarbs have arrived Own the original characters of the next great NFT card battler. Available exclusively on Arbitrum One. Buy Now Battle Waves of Enemies in Fiefverse Survival Earn real rewards with this free-to-play game mode. Available on PC. Get Started learn more about Fiefverse Survival Level Up Your Experience With A Fief Account Create a Fief account today and claim your very own username! With a Fief account, you can fully access Fief Protocol dapps and play in the Fiefverse. CREATE AN ACCOUNT Earn with FIEF Token Lock your tokens to earn weekly FIEF rewards and daily Influence Point distributions to fuel your Fief experience. Stake Fief learn more about staking Coming Soon loot Farms Earn rewards on your favorite metaverse assets without them ever leaving your wallet. It's as easy as killing boars in the forest. FAQs What Is the Fiefverse? Welcome to Fiefverse, a breathtaking voxel world teeming with endless possibilities and opportunities for adventure. As you step into this captivating realm, you'll take charge of your very own customizable Avatar, unlocking the freedom to explore, engage in thrilling battles, trade with fellow inhabitants, and much more. Fiefverse offers a unique, player-centric experience where the Hex land itself is entirely owned and governed by its inhabitants. With a plethora of game types to choose from and the chance to earn real-world rewards, Fiefverse elevates the gaming experience to unprecedented heights. Embark on an epic journey through a multitude of immersive thematic sub-worlds, each with its own distinct allure. The adventure begins in High Fantasy World, the first of many vibrant realms awaiting your exploration. What Is the Fief Token? The Fief Token (“FIEF”) is a utility token that ties into Fief's decentralized applications and in-game actions. View Ethereum FIEF contract. View Arbitrum FIEF contract. Use the official bridge between Ethereum and Arbitrum. What is Vox Blox? Vox Blox (VOX) is the primary building block of the Fiefverse. You can think of VOX as the literal atoms or matter that make up all the tokenized assets in the Fiefverse. VOX are required for creators to generate NFT-based assets, including props, wearables, weapons, vehicles, and much more. VOX has a max supply of 1 trillion, enough voxels to create assets for hundreds of sub-worlds. What are Fief Avatars? Fief Avatars are the playable characters within the Fiefverse. These Avatars are born to specific Worlds found across the Fiefverse and can be fully customized with reward-producing items. What Is the Fief Protocol? Fief Protocol is a collection of decentralized applications (dapps) designed to complement the Fiefverse experience. These dapps unlock utility and liquidity for in-game items, while the Fiefverse's user engagement and transactions provide a sustainable yield source. Experience an elevated gaming ecosystem with the synergy of Fief Protocol and Fiefverse. What Are Influence Points? Influence Points ("IP") power gas-free activities across the Fief platform. Users can acquire IP by staking FIEF, outfitting a Fief Avatar, playing in the Fiefverse, participating in Fief’s dapps, or through direct purchase in the Fief Shop. IP can be used for a variety of activities, including purchasing items for your Fief Avatar, unlocking Loot Farms for your metaverse assets, and more. IP is attached to your wallet and is non-transferable. All Fiefverse items purchased with IP are minted to your wallet as an NFT and in time, we will introduce off-chain inventory management to allow for greater flexibility for trading within the Fiefverse. What Networks Does Fief Protocol Support? Fief Protocol currently supports Ethereum and Arbitrum. Contact Us Submit a Request Applications Staking Chat Discover Documentation Privacy Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Buy FIEF Trader Joe (Arbitrum) KyberSwap (Arbitrum) Uniswap (Arbitrum) Balancer (Ethereum) Socials Copyright © 2022-2023 Fief. All Rights Reserved. Staking Chat Get Started AVATAR RPG Avatar Basics Hex Land Glarbs FIEFVERSE GAMES Fiefverse Survival Glarbageddon - Coming Soon Leaderboard Quests VOX Builder Looks like you haven’t connected a wallet. Sign in or Create an account Welcome Setting Inventory Add Friends 