 Home For Holders For SP Whitepaper Blog Stake FIL 中文 &nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp; ENG Stake FIL 中文 101 Days Stable Operation 0 FIL Accumulated TVL 0 FIL Current TVL 0 FIL Earnings Distributed A trustworthy platform providing staking service stably Filecoin ecosystem project Check Details Use FVM smart contracts, secure &amp; reliable Launch Dapp Filecoin staking project Check Details Support Multi-chain Operation for Filecoin Staking Feel free to stake FIL on Filecoin FVM, Filecoin, or BNB chain. Filecoin FVM Filecoin Native BNB Chain Token Estimated APY Period (day) Pledge Address FIL 22% 360 0x01502CAE9E6f973EaB687aA99bA1b332AAa1837F FIL 16% 180 0x01502CAE9E6f973EaB687aA99bA1b332AAa1837F FIL 17% 90 0x01502CAE9E6f973EaB687aA99bA1b332AAa1837F Stake on Filecoin FVM Storage Provider Solutions Filet Exclusive Domain · Endorsed by the Filet brand · Enjoy Filet traffic · Distribute profits autonomously Join Filet Platform · No need for own operations · Agreed loan ratio · Agreed earning distribution Filet SaaS Service · No need to develop Dapp · Independent brand operation · Distribute profits autonomously View Details Audit Filet is backed by the largest Filecoin storage provider in North America and has open-source code that has been double-audited by Certik. View audit report View contract General Information about Filet Finance Filet is a decentralized Filecoin staking service powered by the Filecoin mining power tokenization protocol. Supporting Filecoin, Filecoin (FVM), BNB, HECO and Mixin chain, Filet is an open-source protocol that has been audited and verified by Certik. It has been running smoothly for more than two years. Additionally, Filet is an approved Filecoin Ecosystem project and is listed on the Filecoin TL;DR website. Filet provides Filecoin holders with a secure and competitive staking service, with all returns generated from Filecoin mining rewards rather than from other external lending platforms. Why can Filet offer such a competitive staking APY? Filet's earnings come from the Filecoin Network, and there are two reasons why its high staking returns are so attractive. Firstly, Filecoin released its mainnet in 2020, so it is still in its early stage. This means the sooner someone joins Filecoin mining, the higher their rewards will be over the next six years. Secondly, our partner storage provider is rapidly scaling up their business, so they are more willing to share their earnings with Filecoin stakers. An overview of Filecoin mining economics and Filet functionality. Filecoin mining rewards are split into two portions: 25% is released up-front on the day of mining and the remaining 75% is released over a 180-day period in a linear fashion. Filet deducts a service fee from the initial 25% before sending your earnings to your Filet user account through a smart contract. The remainder of 75% is provided to you as a locked portion, and at the conclusion of the staking period, you can withdraw it all at once. Filecoin mining is a complex and systematic process. It requires assigning storage space - converting the storage machine's space into fruitful mining power - to generate mining rewards. Sealing storage takes time: as mining power increases, so do the resulting earnings. Filet's specified sealing duration is currently 30 days, meaning that if you stake 12 FIL to gain 1T of mining power, it won't be provided to you immediately - it will take a 30-day period. On the first day, the mining power earned is 1/30T, with corresponding income, while on the 30th day, the output of full mining power is 1T. In addition, the earnings data from then onward will continue to generate further. Maximize your returns with Filet, and of course, secure staking! The projected earnings presented on Filet are approximations, not precise figures. This estimation is determined by the overall mining power and mining yield of the entire network. Your accurate daily income depends on the output of the mining node. As Filet has been functioning for over two years, the projected revenue on the platform is prudent, and you may even earn more. Media Partners 