sealCompleted=false,3000);" @subscribed-email.window="showSubscription = false" @moonpay-signed.window="moonpaySignature = $event.detail.signature" @pack-sealing.window="sealingPack = true" @pack-purchased.window="packPurchased = true" @user-not-initialized.window="showInitPopup = true;" @metadata-not-initialized.window="showInitMetadataPopup = true;" @transaction-error.window="handleTransactionErrorMessage($event.detail.message)" @address-found.window="handleAddressFound($event.detail.profile)" @login-failed.window="showLoginResult = true" @reserve-failed.window="showReserveResult = true" @executing-transaction.window="txId = $event.detail.txId" @user-blacklisted.window="showBlacklistModal = true" class="jsloaded"> Connect Wallet Builder Flovatars Flobots Psyche Likee Marketplace Showroom Flovatars Flobots Psyche Likee Packs Story Explore Connect Wallet Name Wallet ID Balance 0 FLOW &nbsp; 0 ÐUST Dapper Open Profile My Collection My Transactions Buy ÐUST Logout Enter a world of NFTspowered by your creativity Flovatars have arrived in our universe on a rescue mission to save their planet’s existence from a predicted future. Their survival will depend on StarDust - the mysterious energy source that powers their world - and StarDust depends on YOU! The Spark of Life 9,999 Sparks have crash landed on Earth In order to make the meta-leap to our world, Flovans have had to transtate into Sparks. However, during their journey here, an unexpected power surge over-charged them and fried the navigation circuits scattering them through different times and locations. Bringing these Sparks back to life now depends on YOU, by unleashing your creativity with our unique NFT Builder to transform them into Flovatars. YOU are the Creator Each flovatar is custom made by you Einstein said, “Creativity is intelligence having fun” – so be like Einstein. Unlike most other NFT projects, with Flovatar you get to create your own avatar. The 11 different categories of traits and accessories (Flobits) offer over 100 billion possible unique combinations. Accessing rarer traits for your Flovatar can be achieved by adding Boosters to each Spark. Earn Revenue Owners will earn ÐUST tokens every day Our own utility token ÐUST will be released later this year and distributed to each individual Flovatar based on their rarity score for a period of 10 years! ÐUST will unlock lots of features and utilities within our world and will be fully tradable on crypto exchanges. Also, as the creator, if you decide to sell you will earn 1% lifetime royalties on every future sale of your Flovatar. You can learn more about ÐUST on our blog. The Flovatar Storyworld Get ready for our illustrated podcast, Flovatar – A Dust Odyssey Listen along to the Flovatars origin story and watch out to see whether your Flovatar stars in a cameo role. Featured In The Team Luca Basile Founder / Creator @lucatinkerer After 20+ years of web development, I say no more to traditional and overcomplicated back-ends - web3 is the future and we're just getting started! Weilei Yu Strategic Advisor @WeileiY Web 2.0 democratized information access - web3 will provide global distribution and value capture to everyone Nate McGuire Strategic Advisor @natemcguire Embarking on the web3 journey while keeping a solid business point of view Spencer Kelly Creative Director @xpengler The creative opportunities offered by web3 blows my mind... in a good way! chaosmanis Community Manager @chaosmanis Why dont we just wait here for a little while, see what happens? Julien Fouillen Community Manager @MTLS___ web3 is bringing back the sense of community in a way that web 2.0 hasn’t been able to! Don Wolf Community Manager @LoneStarSmoker web3 has the ability to solve a lot of problems in the world, it’s the next step in human exploration... Who wouldn’t want to be a part of this! The Roadmap we’ve come a long way but there’s plenty more to come! Series 1 16th Dec. 2021 Genesis Drop Flovatars have landed on Earth! Go catch a Spark of life and shape your own Flovatar exactly the way YOU want! 23rd Dec. 2021 Holiday pack airdrop To celebrate the holiday season we airdropped some awesome Flobits to our early Flovatar creators January 2022 Background airdrop We introduced a brand new Flobit category and airdropped one to each Flovatar created February 2022 Revamped website and rebranding Unveiled a fresh new look to the whole website and created a brand new logo! March 2022 ÐUST tokenomics Released all the details about how the ÐUST token will work and what the numerous utilities will be, including exclusive and brand ÐUST-only NFT series. April 2022 3D Models All the traits and Flobits have been transformed into a 3D model and can be previewed in the Builder and the details page. 3D-printable high-poly versions are also ready, but waiting to be unlocked by the ÐUST token. May 2022 Meme Maker To further empower our community in their creative expression we released a custom Flovatar Meme Maker. August 2022 Flobit S2 Pack Sale Over 60 brand new animated and interactive Flobits ideated or created by the community members are brought to life. August 2022 Dapper Wallet Integrating with the Dapper Wallet will allow us to open the door to many new users and widen our audience to people who aren't necessarily crypto-natives. Sep 2022 TerraKit pre-sale Flobots, Asteroid land deeds, and pre-ownership rights to the Flovatar Universe Buidler - FUB. Q1 2023 ÐUST token mainnet release Every Flovatar will start to claim their daily ÐUST share unlocking the many exclusive utilities available. Q1 2023 Psyche Likee release The first Dust powered NFT series featuring our adorable Flovatar pet companions. Q1 2023 Storyworld We will begin to release our storyworld as a series of illustrated podcasts, and as the story evolves minted Flovatars will have the chance to star in cameo roles. Q2-Q3 2023 Brand collaborations Expanding our reach and audience even further by partnering with recognized brands to generate value on both fronts. Q2-Q3 2023 TerraKit mainnet release Own your own asteroid island and use the FUB to create your very own NFT series. Future ÐUST Series Our Community Last but not least our community is where all the fun really happens Join our Discord Sign up Thank you Join our Newsletter Flovatar Builder Marketplace Showroom Land Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy GETTING STARTED About Flovatar Building a Flovatar Set up a Blocto Wallet Get Flow Currency NEWS &amp; INFO Blog Contact Us Wiki FUD news COMMUNITY TOOLS Meme Generator Flov.dev C-3PFLO Twitter Bot © 2023 Flovatar - All rights reserved A FlovaLabs creation Ready to get your $DUST? To be able to interact with the Flovatar world and receive the $DUST token, first you need to initialize your account. Please approve the transaction to proceed. Initialize account Metadata Views Update To be able to make our Flovatars more discoverable by other projects, we update the smart contract to the latest Metadata Views standard that will provide informations about the image to display and also about royalties. Please approve the transaction to proceed with the update of your public collection capability. This process won't touch your private storage and the NFTs will be totally safe. Initialize Metadata Views Transaction Error Unfortunately your transaction could not be sealed and has been cancelled. No money or NFT has been transferred to anyone. Click here to show the full message See transaction on Flowdiver Close Flow Blockchain maintenance in progress Right now the Flow Blockchain is undergoing some maintenance. Please wait a few hours to be able to use the Flovatar website. No transaction or script can be executed at the moment since all the access nodes to the blockchain have been turned off. Thanks for you patience! Close Choose your wallet Connect Blocto Connect Dapper Connect Lilico Access Denied If you're reading this, you should know that you did something really bad and dishonest that went against the interest of the project. For this reason we won't allow you to use the Flovatar website like any other user. Maybe next time you will think twice about your actions... Close Loading 