 Use Forta Forta Threat Intel Access data feeds for exploits, scams and other on-chain activity Getting Started Build on Forta Developers Page Build detection bots and earn recurring monthly revenue Docs Attack Types Community Governance Contribute Backers Staking Blog Launch App The largest network of security intel in Web3 Get machine learning-generated intelligence about exploits, scams and other threats from a community of leading security experts Explore Forta Intel Trusted by 100+ teams ‹ › How Web3 uses Forta Wallets Web3 wallets can use the Scam Detector to screen pre-signed transactions and protect users from scams to screen dapps and pre-signed transactions, and protect users from scams. Zengo using Forta → Security &amp; Compliance teams Security and compliance teams can supplement their existing data with the Scam Detector, staying up to date on the latest threats. Solidus using Forta → DeFi Protocols &amp; Bridges DeFi can develop and run custom detection bots on Forta to monitor protocols for security and operational health. Lido using Forta → Investors Asset managers can subscribe to existing bots like the Attack Detector to receive real-time alerts for threats impacting their positions, and enabling capital preserving actions. Explore Intel Feeds or build your own Selected Exploits Detected by Forta Yearn Finance $11 Million One of iearnfinance's old vaults suffered a flashloan attack. Thanks to advances in machine learning, Forta detected the hack 20+ minutes before funds were drained. Attack Detector Euler Finance $197 Million Forta’s monitoring detected the largest attack of 2023 in advance, before $197 million were drained. Despite Euler’s six audits and a bug bounty program, the protocol was still vulnerable to attacks. Attack Detector Sushiswap $33 Million Forta successfully flagged the $3.3M SushiSwap attack, identifying RouteProcessor2 as the compromised contract after several Forta alerts fired on suspicious contracts discovered. Attack Detector See more detected exploits Powered by the Community Developers can build and earn Are you a developer, data scientist or security researcher? Create valuable threat intel with the Forta SDK and earn recurring revenue based on the subscribers it gets. Build with Forta Incentivized by the FORT token Participate in the Network Stake and delegate FORT to secure the network, and participate in governance to shape the future of Forta. Participate on the Network The Forta Network uses a combination of heuristics and machine learning to identify malicious activity Clustering Deep Learning Anomaly Detection Supervised Classification Graph Neural Networks Time-series Anomaly Detection Learn more about Forta’s technology Backed by a Community of World Class Partners Subscribe to Forta’s news Stay updated on the latest Forta news and announcements Thanks you! You are now part of the Forta Community Subscribe Invalid email format. Network Forta App Explorer Governance Forum Discord Jobs Build Developers Page Docs Github Stake Staking Delegate Learn More Learn Docs Blog Twitter Videos Attacks Glosary ©️ 2022 Forta Foundation Media kit - Terms of service - Privacy Policy Thank you! You are now part of the Forta community and will be the first to know about the upcoming news, product updates, community events and FORT token. Join the conversation now! Join Discord X 