 Copy Contract &nbsp; HOME HOW TO BUY CHART WHITEPAPER AUDIT FOX IN ACTION TEAM GAMES STAKE AND EARN FOXV2 MIGRATE FROM VI TO V2 Your CommunityCoin that Gives a Fox Fox Finance is a community-driven multimedia blockchain society with a charitable mission and business enterprises that support our goals. View Liquidity Get on Bogged Set Slippage to 10-13% CHECK US OUT ON MISSION STATEMENT At Fox Finance, our top priority is creating a platform where you can participate in making the world a better place. Before we even began to tackle topics like tokenomics or marketing plans, we asked ourselves questions about what we represent, what will remain essential to our identity as we grow, and how we can reward FOX holders for their part in saving our planet. As the name suggests, when we initially approached this idea, we knew we wanted to work towards protecting foxes as well as the other 41,415 animals found on the endangered species list. Due to the extent of man-made pollution, habitat destruction, global warming, poaching, and more, a majority of these incredible creatures are already teetering dangerously on the edge of extinction. We recognize that the animals who share our world serve as a barometer for its health, and so we set our sights on how to tackle the larger issues at hand. None of us, foxes included, have a chance at long term survival if drastic measures are not taken to reverse the effects of climate change. This is why we have devoted ourselves to giving individuals the power to protect and preserve our environment. We at Fox Finance will not rest until we have created a platform which can be used as a robust and dynamic tool in the fight to maintain this planet for generations to come. This platform involves the creation of innovative multimedia projects that entertain, educate, and enlighten people. By using cutting-edge technology, we are developing a global community and revenue streams to support our charitable goals. We are guided by the ethics of decentralization and democracy, with collaborative decision-making, transparency and community empowerment. Together, we can make a difference. OUR STORY Our story Fox Finance, the cryptocurrency project that was given to its community. Fox Finance is a project that was dreamt up by an idealistic law student who had dreams of using crypto to make a positive difference in the world. His vision was for a decentralized project that empowered the community members to take positive actions to help endangered species and fight global warming. Soon, community leaders emerged and joined the team. Investor, educators, parents, and tech wizards joined the project because they shared its values. Contributing their passion and ideas, a Core Team of community leaders was given the project and moved headquarters to Mongolia. Fox Finance continues evolve and has become a multimedia blockchain society with charitable goals. THE BASICS WHY $FOX FINANCE? BURN BABY BURN! FOX IS DEFLATIONARY Every transaction (buy and sell) is taxed 9% where is 3% burned, reducing the total supply. 2% to liquidity, 1% to marketing wallet, 1% to charity wallet, 1% to growth fund wallet, and 1% to team and development wallet. DRIVEN BY A VIBRANT COMMUNITY Come for the crypto, stay for the community! The “Fox Family” is the among the most positive and encouraging in the crypto space. Join folks from all over the world committed taking Fox to the moon and beyond. COMMITMENT TO CHARITY Our “Fox in Action” challenges encourage our holders to make an impact in their local areas. We also donate to wildlife rescue organisations in our communities. V2 LAUNCHED IN JUNE 2023! FOX FINANCE NFT MARKETPLACE FOX FINANCE NFT MARKETPLACE The Fox Finance NFT Marketplace is a custom-built platform for buying and selling NFTs. It features classic Fox NFTs, holiday Fox NFTs, NFTs for gaming, and 3D Fox NFTs which can be used in the Metaverse. In addition to Fox NFTs, this NFT Marketplace is a method of buying and selling any NFT on the Binance Smart Chain. Do you want to create NFTs and sell them? NFT artists and cryptocurrency projects can get a customized version of the NFT Marketplace on their website. Use Fox Finance’s marketplace technology to sell your own NFTs while displaying your branding on a unique page that highlights your digital assets. Contact marketing@foxfinance.io for more information. get connected JOIN OUR COMMUNITIES Have any questions, ideas or just want a place to make new friends friendly and caring friends? Our Fox community welcomes you with open arms, offers you a safe space to feel welcomed and create a positive change. We recommend joining any of our social media communities to keep up to date with all Fox Finance news including new projects, listings, and Fox In Action challenges! Discord Twitter Telegram Copyright © 2023, Face 2 Face LLC, Mongolia All trademarks and copyrights belong to their respective owners. Company Info Terms and conditions 