 James Jean / Fragments FRAGMENTS is a series of 7,000 NFTs by James Jean, the artist's first PFP collection. This new body of work presents a series of fantastical characters distilled from the artist's imagination. FRAGMENTS is inspired by a forth-coming architectural pavilion by the artist, titled Pagoda, that will be composed of 7,000 stained-glass pieces. FRAGMENTS is minted as an edition size of 7,000 NFTs to reflect the physical sculpture, and will exist on the blockchain as a means of eternalizing the Pagoda. FRAGMENTS is commissioned by Outland, with technical support provided by Zora. Minting Schedule: Elemental 1/1 Holders PRICE: 0.08E MAX MINT: 5 per qualifying NFT held START DATE &amp; TIME: 4/25 3pm est CLOSING DATE &amp; TIME: 4/26 2pm est Elemental Holders (Not 1/1) PRICE: 0.12E MAX MINT: 2 per qualifying NFT held START DATE &amp; TIME: 4/26 3pm est CLOSING DATE &amp; TIME: 4/27 2pm est Allow List (Premint) PRICE: 0.5E MAX MINT: 4 START DATE &amp; TIME: 4/27 3pm est CLOSING DATE &amp; TIME: 4/28 2pm est Public Sale PRICE: 1E MAX MINT: 1 per wallet (total) START DATE &amp; TIME: 4/28 8pm est Reveal: 5/3 - 3pm est Discord Twitter Etherscan Zora Opensea Powered by Zora Ownership License About the Artwork Fragments is a series of 7,000 NFTs by James Jean, and is the artist’s first PFP project. Fragments is commissioned by Outland, with technical support provided by Zora. The series is entirely hand-drawn and presents a series of fantastical characters that are distilled from the artist’s imagination. What Jean describes as “mythic beings”, each character bears a unique persona on a pentagonal frame in his signature psychedelic color palette. Fragments features visual elements that have appeared within Jean’s works throughout his career, including his interest in the painting traditions of European, Chinese, and Japanese old Masters, and so offers a retrospective exploration of his artistic practice. This expansive series is inspired by Pagoda, a forthcoming large-scale, luminous architectural pavilion that is the culmination of four years of collaborative projects between Jean and Judson Studios, an LA-based art glass studio founded over 120 years ago. Fragments will exist on the blockchain as a means of eternalizing Jean’s forthcoming physical work in the digital realm—the edition size represents the 7,000 pieces of glass required to build Pagoda.Fragments by James Jean will be available from April 26 on Outland.A unique, 1/1 edition will be available on OpenSea between April 22–April 25. Bio James Jean is renowned for his painterly aesthetic which ranges from expressionistic to precise rendering and incorporates techniques from art historical traditions, including Baroque painting to Japanese woodblock prints and Chinese silk scroll paintings. Jean has been the subject of solo exhibitions at Kaikai Kiki Gallery, Tokyo (2018); and Lotte Museum of Art, Seoul (2019); amongst others. Jean has also collaborated with Prada, BTS, and film directors Darren Aronofsky and Guillermo del Toro. Discord Twitter Etherscan Zora Opensea Powered by Zora Ownership License Powered by Zora 