 Pricing Website FAQ Github Contact us Login Meet Charge! New blockchain payments API platform replaced Fuse Studio! Transfer to the Charge &gt; Welcome to Fuse Studio Create your own custom branded wallet and currency in a few simple steps Launch an economy My economies You have no economies yet Click here to create your first one! Featured economies Explore&nbsp; Digital Rand Digital Rand is South Africa’s first stablecoin, where 1 Digital Rand is algorithmically controlled to always equal to 1 South African Rand. Sending money, whether to a merchant or to a friend within South Africa has never been so transparent or simple. Roost Roost is a novel tech startup based in Liverpool, England, determined to change the way we pay rent and lease property, similar to how Airbnb did in 2010. The project’s core is a revolutionary idea that renting can be profitable for both the tenant and the landlord. FUSE Volts Fuse Volts is an economy launched on Fuse which rewards all wallet users with VOLTS. VOLTS act as an internal currency that helps teach users how to use the Fuse Wallet. Digital Rand Digital Rand is South Africa’s first stablecoin, where 1 Digital Rand is algorithmically controlled to always equal to 1 South African Rand. Sending money, whether to a merchant or to a friend within South Africa has never been so transparent or simple. Roost Roost is a novel tech startup based in Liverpool, England, determined to change the way we pay rent and lease property, similar to how Airbnb did in 2010. The project’s core is a revolutionary idea that renting can be profitable for both the tenant and the landlord. FUSE Volts Fuse Volts is an economy launched on Fuse which rewards all wallet users with VOLTS. VOLTS act as an internal currency that helps teach users how to use the Fuse Wallet. Digital Rand Digital Rand is South Africa’s first stablecoin, where 1 Digital Rand is algorithmically controlled to always equal to 1 South African Rand. Sending money, whether to a merchant or to a friend within South Africa has never been so transparent or simple. Roost Roost is a novel tech startup based in Liverpool, England, determined to change the way we pay rent and lease property, similar to how Airbnb did in 2010. The project’s core is a revolutionary idea that renting can be profitable for both the tenant and the landlord. FUSE Volts Fuse Volts is an economy launched on Fuse which rewards all wallet users with VOLTS. VOLTS act as an internal currency that helps teach users how to use the Fuse Wallet. Digital Rand Digital Rand is South Africa’s first stablecoin, where 1 Digital Rand is algorithmically controlled to always equal to 1 South African Rand. Sending money, whether to a merchant or to a friend within South Africa has never been so transparent or simple. Roost Roost is a novel tech startup based in Liverpool, England, determined to change the way we pay rent and lease property, similar to how Airbnb did in 2010. The project’s core is a revolutionary idea that renting can be profitable for both the tenant and the landlord. FUSE Volts Fuse Volts is an economy launched on Fuse which rewards all wallet users with VOLTS. VOLTS act as an internal currency that helps teach users how to use the Fuse Wallet. Digital Rand Digital Rand is South Africa’s first stablecoin, where 1 Digital Rand is algorithmically controlled to always equal to 1 South African Rand. Sending money, whether to a merchant or to a friend within South Africa has never been so transparent or simple. Roost Roost is a novel tech startup based in Liverpool, England, determined to change the way we pay rent and lease property, similar to how Airbnb did in 2010. The project’s core is a revolutionary idea that renting can be profitable for both the tenant and the landlord. FUSE Volts Fuse Volts is an economy launched on Fuse which rewards all wallet users with VOLTS. VOLTS act as an internal currency that helps teach users how to use the Fuse Wallet. Digital Rand Digital Rand is South Africa’s first stablecoin, where 1 Digital Rand is algorithmically controlled to always equal to 1 South African Rand. Sending money, whether to a merchant or to a friend within South Africa has never been so transparent or simple. Roost Roost is a novel tech startup based in Liverpool, England, determined to change the way we pay rent and lease property, similar to how Airbnb did in 2010. The project’s core is a revolutionary idea that renting can be profitable for both the tenant and the landlord. FUSE Volts Fuse Volts is an economy launched on Fuse which rewards all wallet users with VOLTS. VOLTS act as an internal currency that helps teach users how to use the Fuse Wallet. Digital Rand Digital Rand is South Africa’s first stablecoin, where 1 Digital Rand is algorithmically controlled to always equal to 1 South African Rand. Sending money, whether to a merchant or to a friend within South Africa has never been so transparent or simple. Roost Roost is a novel tech startup based in Liverpool, England, determined to change the way we pay rent and lease property, similar to how Airbnb did in 2010. The project’s core is a revolutionary idea that renting can be profitable for both the tenant and the landlord. FUSE Volts Fuse Volts is an economy launched on Fuse which rewards all wallet users with VOLTS. VOLTS act as an internal currency that helps teach users how to use the Fuse Wallet. 1 2 3 FAQ Learn more&nbsp; Q:&nbsp;&nbsp;What is Fuse Studio? The Fuse Studio is a smart contract platform intended for entrepreneurs. &nbsp;&nbsp; Read more Q:&nbsp;&nbsp;How much does it cost to launch an economy on Fuse? The only cost of launching an economy on Fuse is paying Ethereum gas prices. &nbsp;&nbsp; Read more Q:&nbsp;&nbsp;What are some use cases for Fuse? There are many different parties who can benefit from launching their own digital economy. &nbsp;&nbsp; Read more Q:&nbsp;&nbsp;How do I create an economy on Fuse? Check out our video tutorial to the right! &nbsp;&nbsp; Not Connected Fuse 2021&nbsp;|&nbsp; BETA Torus Connect with your Torus account 