 Shop Download app connect wallet Log in Arc8 Gamefest Win crypto prizesthrough gaming! Season 0 has ended. The next season coming soon. Download app How the Arc8GameFest works Get daily chances to playand win with just one pass.More details coming soon. Pool of tokens&amp; NFT rewards The prize pool is in tokens and NFTs, distributed based on skill as well as rewarding loyalty. Days with adrenaline The season is time-limited and is divided into Daily Rounds. Win BigEvery Day The prize pool is divided into Daily Rounds, so you can win rewards every day. Top playerswin Top players get a share of Daily Round token prize pool. Rounds withExtra NFT prizes Extra NFTs rewards from partners, rewarding effort and loyalty. Play Classics in 1:1 Matches Grab the Arc8 app and play daily duels in arcade classics App Store Google play Web SOON Cranky Monkey Disc-O Mania Pirate Solitaire Qube 2048 Wizard's 21 Solitaire Star Hoop Shot Karate Kido 2 Man City Striker 99 Blocks Cool Cats Combinations Globo Run Run! Hexonix Samurai Hold'em Cranky Monkey Disc-O Mania Pirate Solitaire Qube 2048 Wizard's 21 Solitaire Star Hoop Shot Karate Kido 2 Man City Striker 99 Blocks Cool Cats Combinations Globo Run Run! Hexonix Samurai Hold'em How Arc8 GameFest Works Season 0 Powered by A Season fullof excitingcrypto prizes With the Arc8 League Pass, you will gain access to the Arc8 League, packed with fun arcade games, daily token prize pools and special NFT rewards. Jul 11 — Aug 11 $18,000 Worth of tokens &amp; NFTs G-Bot 555 x NFT BoomLand 20 x NFT Mystery NFTs &amp; Rewards Join Arc8 GameFest on Discord 50,000+ players &amp; growing Join us on discord Discord 54,000+ Twitter 115,000+ Telegram 30,000+ Medium 35,000+ 1,900 GMEE = 6.4 USD Powered by GMEE GMEE is the utility token that underlies the GAMEE ecosystem.GAMEE brings blockchain games to the next level.Play, beat other players and get rewarded. About GAMEE CoinMarketCap FAQs What is Arc8? Arc8 is a mobile gaming app for iOS and Android developed by GAMEE, a subsidiary of Animoca Brands. It is packed with both arcade classics and original games, and offers a thrilling battleground to play for rewards. What is the Arc8 League? The Arc8 League is a web3 league in Arc8, where players can earn a share of big crypto prize pools and NFTs. Arc8 League Season 0 lasts from July 11 - August 11, 2023 (1 PM UTC). It is only accessible to holders of the Arc8 League Pass, which is purchasable with GMEE tokens. What do I need to do to be ready to mint? You will mint your Arc8 League Pass on the Polygon network, so make sure that your wallet is connected there. You will need 1900 GMEE to purchase the pass if you are whitelisted, or 9500 GMEE to purchase in the public sale. You will also need a very small amount of MATIC in your wallet for the gas fee. We will email you a reminder 3 hours before the mint. Can I trade the Arc8 League Pass? Yes. Since it is an NFT, you may choose to sell the pass on OpenSea. However, only those who hold the pass for the duration of the season are eligible for the "mystery" NFT giveaway. The pass is only valid for Season 0, and gives players priority to be whitelisted for Season 1. How are Season 0 token rewards distributed? Each day, you are matched with a randomly assigned groups of 100 players. At the end of the day, the top 10% of the players split the Daily Round token allocation, which is same in value each day but may be a different token. How are Season 0 NFT rewards distributed? Rewards are distributed throughout the season, shortly after the winners have been announced on Discord. The mystery NFT will be airdropped to a randomly drawn Arc8 League Pass holder shortly after the season ends. Can I still get rewards if I am not one of the top players? Absolutely! Here are the rewards that are easy to qualify for: You have the opportunity to win a high-value mystery NFT by holding the Arc8 League Pass for the duration of the season. You will automatically win a G-Bot Starter NFT (which unlocks exclusive games in Arc8) just for taking part in a single game in the first week of the season. Ten of the BoomLand Genesis Chest NFTs are given away in Week 3 in a draw to participants who have played at least 10 games, with a higher chance for those who played more. All Arc8 League Pass holders can claim a Planet IX Starter NFT after July 11 (1 PM UTC). Players who play at least one game on 20 different days will enter a draw for one of 10 Planet IX Avatar NFTs. What happens after Season 0 ends? We will take a look at which elements worked best, listen to player feedback, and then put together an even bigger, better season - Season 1. Owning a Season 0 Arc8 League Pass automatically qualifies you for the Season 1 whitelist. We may also hold future events for those who own a Season 0 Arc8 League Season Pass. Join us on Discord for all the details and to give your feedback. What if I have another question? Please reach us out on the dedicated Arc8 League Discord group and we will do our best to help you out. Learn Whitepaper Our Story Medium FAQs Ask Community Participate Download App We Are Hiring! Links Press Kit Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Conditions NFT Licence Agreement We use cookies and other technologies to collect data about your browser, device and location.For more information see our Privacy Policy . Accept Cookies 