 Download App Get Sign up bonus Download App PLAY SKILL BASED GAME WIN AMAZING PRIZES PLAY SKILL BASED GAME WIN AMAZING PRIZES Get Sign up bonus Download App 4.6 Rating 10,000+ Contests 1M+ Winners 1.8M+ Players instantly withdraw winnings player stories gamifly app Play amazing skill based games on our highly trusted app. Check out the reviews from our members. from our players winner stories My Name is Hassan Raza. Before Cricket Fly game, I played many other cricket games but never get any benefits. But here I earn by playing Tournaments 😍 Hassan Raza Won 10,000 GMF Pakistan My name is Abdullah. Used to see ads about CricketFly game, and initially, I thought it was fake. However, I ended up downloading and playing the game. Now I'm making around 1000 GMF Daily. Abdullah Won 18,000 GMF Pakistan My name is M.Husnain Islam. First when I download it I didn't believed but with the passage of time this game changed my life. I just want to appreciate the developers. M.Husnain Islam Won 13,000 GMF Pakistan My name is Mohammad Waqas, and I'm disable. I had been searching for an online earning platform for quite some time, but I couldn't find any real work. One day, I came across the Cricket Fly game. Now I earn 1500 GMF approx daily from the comfort of my home through this game. Mohammad Waqas Won 22,000 GMF Pakistan My Name is Hassan Raza. Before Cricket Fly game, I played many other cricket games but never get any benefits. But here I earn by playing Tournaments 😍 Hassan Raza Won 10,000 GMF Pakistan My name is Abdullah. Used to see ads about CricketFly game, and initially, I thought it was fake. However, I ended up downloading and playing the game. Now I'm making around 1000 GMF Daily. Abdullah Won 18,000 GMF Pakistan My name is M.Husnain Islam. First when I download it I didn't believed but with the passage of time this game changed my life. I just want to appreciate the developers. M.Husnain Islam Won 13,000 GMF Pakistan My name is Mohammad Waqas, and I'm disable. I had been searching for an online earning platform for quite some time, but I couldn't find any real work. One day, I came across the Cricket Fly game. Now I earn 1500 GMF approx daily from the comfort of my home through this game. Mohammad Waqas Won 22,000 GMF Pakistan How to play install app Step 1 Press “Ok” to complete the download Step 2 Open “Settings” and turn on unknown sources to install Step 3 Open “Settings” and turn on unknown sources to install 100% . Secure Step 1 Press “Ok” to complete the download Step 2 Open “Settings” and turn on unknown sources to install Step 3 Open “Settings” and turn on unknown sources to install Download App game skill based games cricket fly motor fly baseball game cricket fly motor fly baseball game why gamifly features &amp; benefits Multiple Games Completely Skill Based and 100% Secure &amp; Safe Real Life Rewards Instant Withdrawal after Contest Ends.&nbsp;&nbsp; 24/7 Support Whatsapp support in your&nbsp;preferred language.&nbsp;&nbsp; Flexible Tournaments Format Play Tournaments according to your&nbsp;time preference.&nbsp; more questions? our faq’s Is it FREE to join Cricket Fly? Yes, Cricket Fly App is completely free to join, and you'll receive a sign-up bonus upon successful registration. How to create an account on Cricket Fly App? To create an account, download the app, select your country, wallet, provide your details, including phone number, CNIC/KTP, Name, Email, and PIN. HOW TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT? How to play and earn on Cricket Fly App? We have 2 games. In Cricket Fly, you need to score as many runs as possible in 6 balls to win. In Motor Fly, you need to complete the race as quickly as possible to win. The higher you are on the leaderboard, the bigger the rewards! Is it Real? Cricket Fly is 100% secure, with over 2 million downloads. Shadab Khan is the Brand Ambassador of Cricket Fly and we are also the official partner of Islamabad United. How much can I earn daily by playing on Cricket Fly? Your earnings on Cricket Fly are limitless. Winners typically make 500-1500 GMF daily on the app. Games Download Cricket Fly About us Privacy Policy Contact Us Whatsapp ©2023 Gamifly, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 