 Dashboard Earn GFI Staking Staking Vaults Social YouTube Twitter Telegram Discord Docs 0 Gangster Finance 0.00 BNB / $ 0.00 USD Dashboard DeFiWatcher Stake in the Vaults Compound your Gains Gangster Finance has created and maintains a suite of twelve unique vault contracts which serve as single-asset staking pools, with a mid to long-term outset of ROI. These staking pools are great for savings-style holding and they serve as an additional method of value distribution to the various supported ecosystems, their tokens and holders. View Vaults Learn More Gangster Technology. Elite Tokenomics. Gangster Finance has implemented ERC-31337 at the core of its GFI token, enabling powerful liquidity management and controls for the entire ecosystem. Using deflationary tokenomics and reusable locked liquidity, GFI is a token which will continue to grow in value and utility as the ecosystem expands. Stake GFI Learn More Powerful Partnerships. Solid Foundation. Gangster Finance has partnered with a powerful network of projects and protocols, founded by SideKick Finance and their community. Future growth and creation of new utility will be driven by Gangster Finance, being bolstered and enabled further by its partners. Learn More Sidekick Finance NOTICE: Do Your Own Research / Not Financial Advice, You are the only party responsible for your transactions. SOCIAL Telegram Twitter RESOURCES GitHub Discord Token Balance × - 0.00 My GFI 0.00 My xGFI Copy Address Close Transfer Tokens × Recipient Address Token Quantity Transfer GFI Transfer xGFI Close Hey There! × Close Buy GFI × BNB to Spend: Percent to Spend: 0 % of your BNB Use the slider to choose how much BNB to spend! Buy GFI MAX How does this Work? By using this dialog, you're purchasing GFI via NovaDEX Finance. Slippage is automatically detected for efficiency of transaction. All you have to do is enter an amount of BNB to spend, then click "Buy GFI" - it's that easy! Go to DEX (Advanced) Close Sell GFI × GFI to Sell: Percent to Sell: 0 % of your GFI Use the slider to choose how much GFI to sell! Sell GFI MAX How does this Work? By using this dialog, you're selling GFI via the NovaDex Finance. Slippage is automatically detected for efficiency of transaction. All you have to do is enter an amount of GFI to sell, then click "Sell GFI" - it's that easy! Go to DEX (Advanced) Close 