 Docs FAQToken Launch App Docs TokenFAQ Launch App Multi Stake Introduction Multi Stake is the Decentralized application that guarantees a daily return of 1-4%, it supports a wide range of cryptocurrencies with verified smart contracts ,Move Stake offers up to 23% referral earnings in 4 levels Welcome to the future $ 1219307 Total Staked ($) 2368 Total Users Docs &amp; Whitepaper $ 1219307 Total Staked ($) 2368 Total Users Choose a Currency Start Staking(Daily ROI%) ETH 1.5% To 4% BNB 1% To 2.5% Matic 1% To 2.5% BUSD 1% To 2.5% OP 1% To 2.5% AVAX 1% To 2.5% ARB One 1% To 2.5% TetherBep20 Very Soon Flow Coming Soon Cosmos Coming Soon Tether Coming Soon Ziliqa Coming Soon USDC Coming Soon Kusama Coming Soon GEM Coming Soon Move Stake Ecosystem MVB Token The MVB token is: Move Stake Native Token AirDrop Get Free MVB Token as much as you stake High potential profits from MVB price growth More Referral Program 4 Levels :Level 1 : 15%Level 2 : 5%Level 3 : 2%Level 4 : 1% More Why Move Stake Insurance fund 🔹Multi Chain Platform 🔹1% - 4% Daily ROI 🔹0.02% - 0.08% Daily Holding Bonus 🔹3 plan for each currency 🔹23% Referral Rewards 🔹Withdraw Instantly with no limits 🔹No Deposit limits High security 🔹100% decentralized and transparent 🔹Verified and Open Source Smart contracts 🔹Using multiple smart contracts that interact with each other 🔹Audited with Many trusted Companies 🔹DDoS protection 🔹SSL protocol Support 🔹24/7 support 🔹0 % Developer Fee 🔹Compatible with android, ios, windows, mac and ... 🔹Works with new generation of Wallet Connect V 2.0 🔹Use any of the 120 WEB3 wallets 🔹Immediate Rewards How To Start Create a Wallet 🔹Install a Web3 Wallet such as Metamask 🔹Buy the currency you want to stake and&nbsp;Deposit to your Wallet Choose a Currency 🔹Choose a Currency and network want to stake Eth,bnb,matic... 🔹stake your currency in three plans Withdraw 🔹Withdraw your profit 🔹Share your referral link for more income Join our community Telegram Channel Announcments and events Telegram Group Question and events Twitter News and events FAQ What is staking ? Staking is a process in which cryptocurrency holders lock their funds in a blockchain to support the operations of a network.In return for their participation, stakers receive rewards in the form of additional cryptocurrency tokens. What is the reward for staking ? The amount you can earn from cryptocurrency staking depends on several factors, including the chosen cryptocurrency, the staking rewards, and the price appreciation of the staked tokens.Different cryptocurrencies have different staking rewards and rates. Some may offer higher rewards, while others may offer lower rewards. Generally, the higher the staking rewards, the more you can potentially earn.It's important to note that staking involves locking up your cryptocurrency for a certain period of time, and the rewards are typically given out periodically. The actual earnings will depend on the amount of cryptocurrency staked and the duration of the staking period. What tokens can I allocate? Move Stake is a large and reputable cryptocurrency platform that offers its customers the best in platforming services. With its own native token, Move Stake Token (MVB) . By investing with Move Stake, customers receive free MVB tokens equal to their investment as a gift. MVB has a bright future and is set to be traded on major exchanges around the world. Join us today and experience the benefits of being a Move Stake customer Why should I choose Move Stake?? Move Stake is one of the largest steaking providers with a TVL of $300,000,000+, support for 80+ tokens and multiple networks. We offer high staking rewards, top security and fault-tolerant infrastructure. Move Stake is a verified platform on StakingRewards.com, which confirms the high quality and reliability of services. Our services have high ratings from Staking Rewards, DApp.com, Producthunt, TrustPilot, DappRadar and many others. What are the risks associated with cryptocurrency staking? 1. Volatility Risk: Cryptocurrency prices are highly volatile, and staked assets are subject to price fluctuations.2. Smart Contract Risks: Staking usually involves locking up funds in smart contracts, which are prone to coding errors and vulnerabilities.3. Slashing Risk: Certain staking mechanisms have a slashing penalty for misbehavior or rule violations by validators.4. Liquidity Risk: Staking usually requires locking up funds for a certain period, during which the staked assets may not be easily accessible or tradable.Move Stake's services are fully decentralized, so these risks are minimal. Reliable infrastructure provides additional security and high quality of services. Where does Move Stake place its working validators ? We work with various cloud providers such as Cloud, AWS, GCP, Azure, OVH or Scaleway. How does Move Stake ensure security ? At Move Stake, we take security very seriously, closely monitoring every supported protocol and making sure that our customers are always up to date with our protocol updates and best security practices. The platform is completely decentralized and no one but you has access to the tokens placed in the staking. How do you get started staking? Very simple. Go to the application by pressing "Launch app", select the desired asset, specify the amount and term of placement, then connect your wallet and place your tokens in the staking. Our Team Chief Executive Officer John Paltrow Chief Digital Officer Alex Brown Contact Center Manager Elena Tena Infrastructure Partners Live Staking Map Verify Smart Contract © MoveStake.io 2022-2023 |Crypto Department ,Second Floor, 2636 WALNUT ST,80205-2231 , CO, DENVER, United States Terms of Use | Privacy Notice Resources HomeAudit 1Audit 2 Smart Contract EthereumArbitrum PolygonOptimism BNBAvalanche Community TwitterTelegram ChannelTelgram Group 