 Road Map Community Telegram Discord Twitter Reddit Medium Resources Ghostscan Explorer Myghost Explorer Github Whitepaper User Guides Ghost Secret FAQ Latest news Ghost Wallet Ghost SHELTR Wallet Ghost Wallet for Windows Ghost Wallet for Linux Ghost Wallet for MacOs Ghost Wallet for Android Privacy-Focused &amp; Decentralized Ecosystem Proof of Stake privacy coin to help make you nothing but a "ghost" when transacting online! Ghost SHELTR Wallet Ghost Wallet for Windows Ghost Wallet for Linux Ghost Wallet for MacOs Ghost Wallet for Android Ghost Github Partner Exchanges Speed, security, scalability Ghost transactions all fully anonymous by Ring Confidential Transactions (Ring-CT), hiding the sender, receiver, and the amount. Privacy Ghost transactions are shielded in concert with RingCT and Stealth Addresses. These confidential transactions are verified using Bulletproofs, a zero knowledge range proofing protocol. Decentralized Ghost is a proof of stake network controlled by GHOST coin holders and users. Ghost has no central company or owner, and is ran and maintained by the community. Fast Transaction Times &amp; Low Fees With Ghost, transactions are processed on chain in under 120 seconds with just a fraction of a penny paid in transaction fees. Ghost Veterans Help secure the Ghost network and earn a share of the transaction fees using the staking features for Ghost. Estimate your rewards You stake GHOST 0 300000 GHOST price $ Each Month $ NaN Annual reward NaN% Stake on Ghost You can earn staking rewards by securing the network. It’s that easy! Stake your Ghost now How is GHOST created and distributed? 1. New GHOST coins are minted each block. In the beginning, 12 new GHOST coins are minted each block (every 2 minutes). 2. GHOST are split between Ghost Veterans. 6 GHOST are split between Ghost Veterans. 3. GHOST is awarded to the staker. 4 GHOST are awarded to the staker who mined the block. 4. GHOST goes into a future development fund. 2 GHOST goes into a pool used for future Ghost development and growth. How to get GHOST rewards You can earn GHOST by staking, which allows you to share in the fees generated by the Ghost blockchain. Staking has no minimum coin requirements. Staking Staking GHOST allows you to share in the fees generated by the Ghost blockchain. Staking has no minimum coin requirements. Ghost veteran Becoming a Ghost veteran requires at least 20,000 GHOST and is the best way to earn in the fees generated by the Ghost blockchain. Start now Latest Updates Learn more about Ghost community News Introducing: Wrapped Ghost on Polygon (Aug - 2023) Wrapped Ghost on Polygon is now live! Aug 10–2023 Update Ghost Development Update (Jul - 2023) With the first six months behind us, we have maintained our focused on executing roadmap deliverables and also pushed out a few maintenance updates along the way. Inside this update we will be discussing our progress on the Polygon Bridge, Core maintenance, On-Chain Governance, Community events, and other noteworthy developments. Jul 21–2023 News Ghost + ivendPay Partnership (Apr – 2023) We are very happy to announce our reintegration with IvendPay! ivendPay is a payment gateway that specializes in providing cryptocurrency payment solutions for retail, e-commerce, and vending machines. Apr 20–2023 Learn more Join our Community Learn more about the project, interact with the team, and take a part in shaping the future of Ghost. Telegram Discord Twitter Reddit Privacy focused proof of stake cryptocurrency Contact@GhostbyJohnMcAfee.com GHOST Community Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. GHOST Starter pack Latest News Status Report SHELTR wallet Ghost Secret Get GHOST Ghost Docs Trade GHOST on TradeOgre Exchange Assets CrexSoft NonKYC Ghost Pirate Uniswap Join the movement Block Explorer Block Explorer 2 Github Whitepaper User Guides FAQ 