 About Token Migrate Token Open main menu gm. gm. A Decentralised Autonomous Organization The DAO The gmDAO is a community of NFT collectors, artists &amp; investors created in September 2021 using a fair token distribution. Broadly speaking, the DAO was formed based on the principles of etiquette and mutual respect, making our community a haven within a typically hostile environment. This ultimately resulted in an extremely passionate &amp; engaged member base which we are extremely proud of. Structurally the DAO consists of 900 members, the majority active within NFT sector, with backgrounds ranging from accredited investors, to renowned generative artists with collections featured on ArtBlocks curated. Our primary goal is to foster &amp; encourage the development of the NFT space, whether through our own organic marketing, seed funding from our treasury or development from within the DAO itself. We also seek to provide an edge to our members though information not freely available to the market. Lastly, the gmDAO will launch a number of internally managed projects that will act as a revenue source for the community, with our first venture set to launch in January 2022. You can learn more about our journey in recent Medium articles linked below. Read the articles gm The token The gm. token is the key to gain access to our private community, but also acts as a governance token which entitles the holder to vote &amp; propose the direction of the DAO. 1000 were initially minted &amp; distributed using a “fair-drop” method, where 10 tokens were allocated through daily challenges over the course of 100 days, with any unclaimed tokens on each day being burned. This resulted in a final tally of 900 tokens currently in circulation, with a number being retained by the treasury. gm. tokens can currently only be purchased via the secondary market, linked below, or through community programs which will begin early 2022. Get a token Migrate to V2 ge Our work As part of the overall mission of the DAO, we have set out to develop a number of internal initiatives which we feel is currently lacking from the NFT ecosystem. These projects are wholly owned and created using resources within the community &amp; will serve as our primary mechanism to generate treasury funds. gm. studio Launched Feb 2022 Generative art launchpad built by artists for artists. We provide equal opportunity to each and every submission with clear &amp; honest feedback provided directly from our curation panel. We’ve built the studio from the ground up using our experience with existing artistic platforms and the challenges they present to new artists, namely; extremely long queues &amp; poor communication. Our approach is clear &amp; transparent, with fees &amp; timelines presented upfront. Visit the Studio gn 