 Gods Unchained home expansions trial of the gods divine order mortal judgement Light's Verdict Winter Wanderlands Band Of The Wolf buy packs market Buy &amp; Sell star store learn cards faq lore blog guide collections open packs $GODS token About Claim Create account Log in Log in THE TRADING CARD GAMETHAT PAYS TO PLAYDownloadIF YOU CAN’T sell YOUR ITEMS, YOU DON’T own THEM in 2020, players spent $74 Billion on in-game items. Players Received $0 It all went to giant game companies. Players deserve better.TRUE OWNERSHIP FOR PLAYERSUnlike other free-to-play games, Gods Unchained gives you complete ownership over your in-game items. Collect rare cards, build your deck and sell cards to other players.Get Started Now Work your way through the ranks, earn cards, and trade with other players to find the perfect deck that best suits your playstyle. play Fight forglory collect Win cards by playing games trade Buy &amp; sell cards master Ascend with your perfect deck DownloadRESHAPING A GENRENot another glorified rock, paper, scissors TCG. To rise through the ranks, you'll need to tactically outsmart your opponent at every turn. A talented team, people with really good principles when it comes to game design, and that is a very, very promising thing for the future. - Merchant, TCG YouTuber &amp; Streamer FREE TO PLAY, NOT PAY TO WINDesigned with a focus on fair competitive play, where you unlock cards simply by playing the game. [Gods Unchained] shows us the future of ownership. - MIT Technology Review What they're saying "I sold a card that I had earned for free, just by playing the game, for a little over $30. That was the moment P2E [Play to Earn] became real for me." @cautionfun "Gods Unchained's gameplay is the sweet spot between simple enough to learn quickly and deep enough for competitive matches as well as fun metagaming. The economy is something we've never seen before and I'm excited to see it develop!" @PascalMaynard "Gods Unchained combines the best of Magic the Gathering and Hearthstone in a competitive, strategic and well-balanced card game." @SLUDGEFEED THE FUTURE OF TRADING CARD GAMES AWAITS Download Blog FAQ Support About Immutable Careers 2023 © Immutable. All Rights Reserved. Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Collection Statement Cerberus Version: master.2990 