 Getting started Metaverse Greenpaper Lore About Faq Social PLAY, STAKE &amp; EARN MULTI-ACTIVITY METAVERSE! PLAY AND SAVE NANOTOPIA! The world of Nanotopia is home to an advanced, utopian society. Its citizens are immersed in the beautiful cities and diverse landscapes, through exciting competitions and activities. At the top of this list are the prestigious Ultra Anima Races! Craft your own Anima Armor and become a legend of Nanotopia! But wait, using a secret time machine, an evil force arrives from the future. Determined to save themselves by conquering Nanotopia and harnessing the power of its people and resources. Be sure you are ready by building and upgrading your Anima Armor, soon it will be needed for far more than just racing! Nanotopia needs your help! Are you up to the challenge? Stake NFTs to Get Shellinium! 1 Stake NFTs on a Green Rabbit Flash Drive and claim the Green Rabbit in-game token - Shellinium!Forage for materials! Craft and assemble youR Anima Armour! Race IN UNIQUE 3d RACES! Hang out in the Metaverse! Own Land and Property in Nanotopia! Stake NFTs to Get Shellinium! 1 Stake NFTs on a Green Rabbit Flash Drive and claim the Green Rabbit in-game token - Shellinium! Forage for materials! 2 Assemble your team of Foragers, send them on missions and collect valuable materials which will be used for crafting your Anima Armors, upgrades, repairs and more! Craft and assemble youR Anima Armour! 3 Once you have all the materials and resources, it’s time to first craft all the components of the Armor and then to fuse them into your own Anima Armor! Use it to explore the metaverse, race in the “Ultra Anima” races or participate in future Green Rabbit 3D games. Race IN UNIQUE 3d RACES! 4 Participate in unique parkour style 3D races: run through varying landscapes, conquer obstacles, apply the right strategy based on your Anima Armor characteristics and become a legend on Nanotopia! Hang out in the Metaverse! 5 Enter the Green Rabbit metaverse social hub, Become part of the community, meet new people, discuss game strategies and more. Test your Anima Armor by competing in various mini-games and discovering hidden places inside the metaverse! Own Land and Property in Nanotopia! 6 Own your own piece of Nanotopia in the 2D web game and collect fees every time a Forager uses your land to collect resources. Upgrade and maintain the land to make it more attractive for foragers and receive a higher yield! Digital property ownership isn't exclusive to our 2D game. We will also offer Nanotopians a chance to own a part of the 3D metaverse we are building.In the 3D metaverse you will be able to purchase and own exclusive properties, customize them to your liking and showcase your Armors! OUR STORY Founded in 2021, Green Rabbit is a worldwide metaverse creative team focused on NFT game design and development. A diverse group with combined skills in NFT creation, cryptocurrency, as well as game and art design. Green Rabbit is set to become the premiere team in the NFT gaming space. OUR MISSION To provide the NFT community with an exciting and rewarding gaming experience, built with integrity and ethics, and delivered with the industry's collectors in mind. PHASE 1 1 Green Rabbit Staking Completed 2 Greenprint Crafting Completed 3 Leaderboards Completed 4 Greenprint Fusion Completed 5 Greenprint Boosting Completed 6 Ascendant Orb Fusion Completed 7 Loza Partner Staking Completed 8 Materials Foraging Completed 9 2D Unity Mini Game Completed 10 Dashboard Completed 11 Armor ComponentCrafting Completed 12 Ultra Anima races Completed 13 3D Social Hub Completed 14 ApartmentOffering Completed 15 3D WAX Portal Completed 16 Armor Fusion Completed 17 3D in-game store Completed 18 Tournament Mode Completed 19 Standard races Completed 20 3D in game store Completed 21 Cosmetic skins Completed 22 Apartment Customization System Completed 23 Apartment Customization Packs Completed Start Playing Green Rabbit Now! NEED MORE INFO BEFORE STARTING? Master the first steps of the gamewith our quick guide Read the completeGreen Rabbit Gameplay Available on Nanotopia Inc. - 3rd Floor, 14505 Bannister Road SE Calgary, Alberta Canada T2X 3J3 ©2023 Nanotopia Inc. | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED - All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners PRIVACY | TERMS OF USE | PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM ©2023 Nanotopia Inc. | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED - All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners 