 Farm&amp;Earn NFT Roadmap Advisors Partners Marketplace HappyGuild Launch APP Farm&amp;Earn NFT Roadmap Advisors Partners Marketplace HappyGuild Launch APP How to Play Play Now Press Blockchain Game Happy Land Off To A Flying Start Six Week After Launch By Coin Telegraph Agriculture, farming and gaming project secures $2.97M funding led by major venture capitalists By Coin Quora Blockchain Game Happy Land Off To A Flying Start Six Week After Launch By Investing Blockchain Game Happy Land Off To A Flying Start Six Week After Launch By Crypto Mode Play-and-Earn To become a farm owner, simply create an account linked to a wallet (Metamask). All player data is synchronized and stored securely on HappyLand’s system. Mini Game An ecosystem of mini play&amp;earn games within HappyLand. This includes pig racing, crow hunting and many more! Land Expansion Players can combine 2 land plots using the Land Expansion feature to create a new land. The success rate of the operation depends on the rarity of the “ingredient” lands used. Renting Rent out your land and still remain full ownership of you land. Rent out your land for a fix amount of time for a fix rate. Join HappyLand Explore your Happiness 5 Land NFT Buy Land Euphoria Bountiful area with infinite resources perfect for farming. Buy Land Buy Land Meadow Fertile, abundant grassland area optimal for cultivation. Buy Land Buy Land Woodland Jungle area with excellent environment to cultivate. Buy Land Buy Land Valley Hill area with good exploitation potential. Buy Land Buy Land Highland Mountainous terrain that's difficult to cultivate good yields. Buy Land Guild Management System Guild Management system is a comprehensive Scholar management system for Guilds, allows you to earn from building Guilds on HappyLand. The key features of the Guild Management system: - Assign NFTs to scholars - Control commission for scholars - Track performance of scholars Guild Masters can claim and automatically distribute rewards to scholars Tokenomics Roadmap Phase 1: Q3/2021 Market Research, Brainstorming, &amp; Team Formation Graphic designs for HappyLand Website and Game Proof-Of-Concept Smart Contract Development Phase 2: Q4/2021 Private Sale, Airdrop Campaign, IDO &amp; Listing Game demonstration Marketing &amp; Partnership Testnet Launch (December) Phase 3: Q1/2022 Mainnet launch - Game Version 1 (January 2022) Marketing, Partnership, and Onboarding more users Multi-chain research Marketplace Launch NFT Sale Phase 4: Q2/2022 Graphics and user experience improvements Marketing, Partnership, and Onboarding more users Game Version 2 Release Add more mini-games Phase 5: Q3/2022 Launch Of Full HappyLand Metaverse. Game Version 3 Release: 3D, Player Avatar Creation &amp; Multiplayer, Tech lab Fusion, new genesis seeds for Techlab &amp; upgrades Marketing, Partnership, and Onboarding more users Phase 6: Q4/2022 Game 3D Marketing, Partnership and Onboarding more users Advisors Stani Kulechov Founder &amp; CEO of AAVE Santiago R Santos An investor focusing on the Intersection of Defi and the Web3 metaverse. Kieran Warwick Co - Founder and CEO of Illuvium Kenzi Wang Co-Fouder of AU21 Capital and Cere Network Partners &amp; investors Farm&amp;Earn Land HPL Roadmap Advisors Partners Whitepaper 