 Features Docs Community Open App News Harvest 3 is here. What’s new? Grow Your Crypto Connect wallet, deposit any token and let Harvest earn for you. Open App $213M+ Saved in User Network Fees 36,000+ Total Users Features Yield Farming Made Easy Powerful platform to discover yield-generating opportunities and track your earnings Tailored Farm Pages View APY breakdowns, rewards, and in-depth farm descriptions. Deposit With Any Token Use any token from your wallet to get started with Harvest. Powered by Wido. Dynamic Charts Explore APY, Deposit &amp; My Balance history with dynamic charts. Advanced Search Find new yield-generating opportunities at light speed. Portfolio Page Track your earnings via single dashboard. Over 100 farms Harvest homes all kinds of farms - NFT, Blue Chips, Stablecoin or Liquid ETH derivatives. Our Ecosystem Frequently asked questions Everything you need to know about Harvest. What is Yield Farming? Yield farming is the practice of staking or lending crypto assets in order to generate returns or rewards in the form of additional cryptocurrency. Harvest aggregates yield opportunities and lets users deposit any token from their wallet to get started. Why deposit with Harvest? As one of the original DeFi yield farming platforms established in mid-2020, Harvest Finance is designed to maximize your earnings. By pooling assets and optimizing network costs associated with auto-compounding, you can enjoy maximized returns, reduced gas costs, and a user-friendly experience for various yield-generating opportunities. Can I withdraw anytime? With Harvest Finance, you have the flexibility to withdraw your assets whenever you wish. There are no lock-up periods or restrictions, allowing you to access and manage your funds as needed. AUDITED BY Least Authority Audit Haechi Audit PeckShield Audit CertiK Audit Join Our Community Meet like-minded DeFi farmers and grow together in a peaceful environment. Join Discord Follow on Discover FARM Token Available on Coinbase, Binance, Kraken &amp; Crypto.com Available on Uniswap, Sushiswap Entitled to Platform Rewards Learn more Open App Connect wallet, deposit any token and let Harvest earn for you. Blog Docs Features Community Farm Token 2023 - Harvest By interacting with the Harvest Finance website and/or smart contracts, the user acknowledges the experimental nature of yield farming with Harvest Finance, its dependency on 3rd party protocols, and the potential for total loss of funds deposited. The user accepts full liability for their usage of Harvest Finance, and no financial responsibility is placed on the protocol developers and contributors. 