 Get Started Explore Open Market Verified Market Trending Collections NFTs Activity Categories Create New Collection New NFT New Multi-Edition NFT Help FAQ Pricing Knowledge Base Support Tickets Sign in Sign in Sign up NEW: Explore Verified NFTs Hash Axis is a public platform and highly notable entities are often imitated. We’ve created a limited section strictly for verified collections from established brands, creators and entities. This area filters our open market by verified Token IDs from verified accounts. Verifications signal tokens originate from their claimed source and are notable. Verifications are not endorsements, warranties, or guarantees of token value, nor utility. Visit: HashAxis.com/verified EXPLORE VERIFIED NFTs LEARN MORE Sustainability: #GreenNFTs Hedera has adopted environmental sustainability as a core value and is officially committed to carbon-negative network operations in addition to being one of the least energy consuming DLTs according to UCL research. Eco-friendly NFT projects enjoy minting environmentally responsbile NFTs. EXPLORE NFTs DISCUSS ON TWITTER Always Check NFT Token IDs Token IDs can never be falsified so always check that this set of numbers is an exact match to what a creator has communicated on their official channels. On Hedera the Token ID serves as the unique identifier for an NFT collection. Additionally, each NFT within a Token ID has its own unique serial number. On Hash Axis, the Token ID for any NFT is displayed after the title of the listing. LEARN HOW EXPLORE ALL NFTs Community Flagging Community flagging is now live! Use the exclamation point icon on an item to flag it. If an NFT is excessively flagged an internal review will be triggered to determine if an official warning label is warranted. Users with excessively flagged NFTs or users with multiple copyright complaints will face permanent accountID flagging. Be mindful some artists may be cross chain or be using licensed materials. Terms of Service Explore All NFTS NEW: Video Tutorials Are you new here? Please watch our how-to series on our official YouTube channel. The series covers buying NFTs, creating your first collection, minting NFTs, and even explains which wallet is most compatible with our platform. BUYER'S TUTORIALS CREATOR'S TUTORIALS Beware Imposters Always do your due diligence before trading for any NFT. Bad actors and imposters attempt to trick you into trading for illegitimate NFTs. Always check with the project's website or official social channel to find out the project's true tokenIDs. Community flagging is live. Use the exclamation point icon to flag items that seem illegitimate. It's important to do your own research as all transactions are immutable. Terms of Service Explore All NFTs ‹ › Explore All NFTs Featured NFTs Last Price: 400 ℏ Corn Nut 10 Rikers Island Paint Huffing Sessions Reserve price N/A 3 Eve Elysian Elysians Anima Reserve price 3000 HBAR 18 Last Price: 3000 ℏ Warrior Pope Benevictus HEDEREALM Reserve price N/A 0 Last Price: 4999 ℏ Mech #0100 HederaMechs Reserve price N/A 24 Cinderlilith HEDEREALM Reserve price N/A 1 #1 ALIEN PINK H MFW's ALIEN ERRORS Reserve price N/A 1 Last Price: 11111 ℏ Dark Templar Vader Hedera Crossverse II - Siths &amp; Jedis Reserve price N/A 2 TRAPPED INTO METAVERSE D4D/NewProfilePics/DROP7 Reserve price 12000 HBAR 21 Featured Collections MFW's utility MASH UP$ 100 items @markfranciswilliams Verified Account 11 DULCE 20 items @blanksquareproductions Verified Account 2 Glitch Girl 49 items @bladewallet Verified Account 2 HEDEREALM 10 items @cybervangogh 0 HederaMechs 213 items @hederamechs 39 Creamies Collection 1107 items @creamies Verified Account 5 Hbar Punks 1670 items @hbarpunks Verified Account 37 Hash Boos 472 items @hashboos Verified Account 28 Trending Collections The top NFT Collections on Hash Axis, ranked by volume, floor price and other statistics Last 24 hours Last 7 days Last 30 days All All Categories EXPLORE TRENDING Latest Listings D&amp;SII #140 Steam And Diesel Punks II Reserve price 0.001 HBAR 0 D&amp;SII #144 Steam And Diesel Punks II Reserve price 0.001 HBAR 0 #20 HEDERA HOMES lll Reserve price 150 HBAR 0 #27 HEDERA HOMES lll Reserve price 150 HBAR 0 Latest NFTs The_Abstracted_Man_159-10000 The Abstracted Man Reserve price N/A 0 Last Price: 0.001 ℏ D&amp;SII #155 Steam And Diesel Punks II Reserve price N/A 0 Last Price: 0.001 ℏ D&amp;SII #154 Steam And Diesel Punks II Reserve price N/A 0 Last Price: 0.001 ℏ D&amp;SII #153 Steam And Diesel Punks II Reserve price N/A 0 Latest Collections Thumper 1 items @afterburner 0 CyberSkelliez 1 items @denzzz64 0 CyberSkelliez 20 items @denzzz64 0 Reanimated Custom Edition 15 items @wezzag 0 Digital marketplace for crypto collectibles and non-fungible tokens (NFTs). Buy, sell, and discover exclusive digital assets. English Marketplace Explore Create Activity Categories Platform Get Started Pricing FAQs Support Community Hedera Knowledge Base Integrations Copyright © 2021 Stealthcode LLC. All rights reserved. OPERATIONAL: All services functional. Enjoy minting, buying and selling Hedera NFTs. User Notices: NEW: Video Tutorials for Minting, Buying &amp; Reselling 1. You will need a connected Hash Pack App wallet or Blade Wallet to buy and sell on this marketplace. This platform DOES NOT support giveaways or airdrops. All tokens originated here are held in the platform treasury until purchased with HBAR. The platform fee is 2% of each sale. Tokens originating from 3rd parties can be whitelisted for escrow based trading. 2. All transactions are truly immutable (irreversible), including erroneous transactions and omissions. Your wallet however will be completely safe, as use of this software will NEVER require you to input your private key and we will never request your private key for any reason. Never share your private key with anyone claiming to represent us. 3. When minting NFTs ensure your MAX SUPPLY is correct, your ROYALTY rates are correct, and all other fields for your NFT hold accurate information. These fields cannot be modified once minted. If setting a fallback royalty, be advised this is a royalty charged every time an NFT is moved between wallets, regardless of if that movement is the result of a sale or not. While traditional royalty percentages are encouraged, setting a fallback royalty is not advised at this time. By using this software, you agree to our full Terms of Service. 