 Hedgie Notifications Hedgie Leaderboard The Game Spend Curio Loading... Hello, I'm Hedgie! Play the game. Earn $Curio coin. Spend on NFT Art. Mint Final Edition hedgie character main: #009BDE hedgie character main: #009BDE Announcements New Artwork in Hedgie Marketplace The artwork "SOLO" by Neosutras is now in Hedgie Marketplace. Click here to check it out! New Artwork In Hedgie Marketplace This is the 11th artwork in the series of 12 of Hedgie's Wonderland Collection by Yedai. Click here to check it out! New Artwork In Hedgie Marketplace This is the 10th artwork in the series of 12 of Hedgie's Wonderland Collection by Yedai. Click here to check it out! New Artwork in Hedgie Marketplace The artwork "SOLO" by Neosutras is now in Hedgie Marketplace. Click here to check it out! New Artwork In Hedgie Marketplace This is the 11th artwork in the series of 12 of Hedgie's Wonderland Collection by Yedai. Click here to check it out! New Artwork In Hedgie Marketplace This is the 10th artwork in the series of 12 of Hedgie's Wonderland Collection by Yedai. Click here to check it out! Play Earn Spend Play Venture with your Hedgie through different kingdoms, collect loot, and make upgrades! Learn more Earn Trade loot for Curio you can use to buy gear, or spend in the real world! Learn more Spend Spend your Curio on products and perks at Hedgie-approved businesses! Learn more Totally Tubular "Totally Tubular is a festival of color. Its underlying structure is a 3x3 tessellation of Scussel's oscillogram algorithm where each "tile" is an oscillogram figure rendered in a colorful way. Many… Dr. Bill - Postcards This is a unique opportunity to bring home a collection of 15 stunning artworks by Dr. Bill, a Generative Art OG. Each postcard showcases his mastery of generative art and offers a glimpse into the… Friendship "Friendship emerges from all things, in the simple moments walking under the city lights through the night making our way back home to someplace warm. It emerges in the harmony between blockchains… SOLO "SOLO" "Inner dive through the movement and self-observation." Artwork by Neosutras The Game Spend Curio Team Roadmap Partner With Hedgie FAQ Blog Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Subscribe To Our Newsletter Enter Email Subscribe Copyright © 2021, Hedgie Inc. All rights reserved. Subscribe To Our Newsletter Enter Email Subscribe Copyright © 2021, Hedgie Inc. All rights reserved. 