 Options Products Why Hegic Start Trading One-click Options Trading. Stay Anonymous, Trade Freely, and Enjoy Zero Fees on Hegic. Start trading BTC and ETH call / put options with ATM and OTM strikes. Play with one-click option strategies and fall in love with their simplicity. Experience Hegic Now What is Hegic? Hegic is a peer-to-pool options trading protocol on Arbitrum, focusing on simplifying complex financial instruments and helping ordinary people win big and pay less . 3.5+ years Serving options traders since February 2020 $1.5B+ Total cumulative options trading volume 20,000+ Options contracts traded on Hegic Options Products Bullish Bearish High Volatility Low Volatility Call Profitable if The price rises sharply Cost Profit Bull Call Spread Profitable if The price rises to a certain level Cost Profit Bull Put Spread Profitable if The price stays at a certain level Cost Profit Strap Profitable if The price rises sharply or falls Cost Profit Call Profitable if The price rises sharply Cost Profit Explore All Options Why Hegic Built by Anon, For Anons Hegic is built by Molly Wintermute . You can learn the story behind Hegic from the “Crypto Anonsense” book . One-click Options Trading From basic calls to sophisticated options strategies, on Hegic you are enjoyably trading them all in one click. Guaranteed Payouts of P&amp;L The net P&amp;L for in-the-money (in profits) options and option strategies are always paid out in full when options are exercised. Zero Fees, Just a Premium The total cost of an option is always equal to its premium. There are absolutely no taker fees or any other trading fees on Hegic. Join the Growing Community of Hegicians ThePartisan @deanrey3 Really slick experience. The information in the UI is very clear and I like the way it took me directly to my positions after buying the Option. Can't believe how fast and cheap the transactions are. Simon 💵🦍💵 @51mson Strategy that has been working out great for me lately: 1) a few hours before major announcements (FOMC, CPI, etc.) place a straddle (put + call option) with one day duration on Hegic 2) lean back and count dollars while the CT TL either panics or FOMOs greypixel 🦇🔊 @greypixel_ Just checked out @HegicOptions for the first time. Big fan of the way the UI makes it really clear of the payoff profiles for the various strategies overlaid on recent price action - very intuitive. DΞFi Cook (🫡, 🫡) @deficook Say whatever you like but I love the Hegic 2.0 UI. Simple, clear, user friendly. Native_0x |3'3| @Native_0x I bought a bunch of puts this morning thinking the stonk market would rug us. Upsides are: 1/ Only lost the premium which was minuscule (benefit of options) 2/ used the new @HegicOptions upgrade which was 10x better than before and included nice UX features like ‘auto execute’ GMX Intern 🫐 @gmx_intern dammm loving that new @HegicOptions UI, looks super clean! Combined with Arbitrum UX, gud product tridetch @3detch Strategies is killer feature, even don’t need to understand how to trade options. I’m ready for any market movements Lucky Luke @lucky_luke_777 UI is friendly for the smolest of fish :) Liquidity deep enough for whales to get a good swim. Dip your toes in options trading today! Join Hegic Discord Hegic is here. Distribute it evenly. Start One-click Options Trading 2023 © Hegic: On-chain peer-to-pool options trading protocol on Arbitrum 