 The first AAA Blockchain Base Builder Game COMMAND YOUR ARMY TO VICTORY Build your base, grow your army and earn Ruby by conquering enemy bases throughout Mavia. JOIN DISCORD Build your base to defend against enemy invaders Your base is your home, and must be defended at all costs. Strategically build walls, deploy turrets, and place traps in order to keep enemies away from your precious Gold, Oil and Ruby loot. Lead an army of infantry, vehicle and air units Choose from over twelve different infantry, vehicle and air units to attack rival bases with. Each unit has specific strengths and weaknesses, making strategic planning essential before beginning the battle with your opponent. Earn Ruby and other in-game resources You can earn Ruby by winning offensive battles, successfully defending your base, removing base obstacles, completing challenges and much more. Gold and Oil are additional in-game resources which your base produces, and your army can steal from opponents’ bases. Upgrade your Base, Hero and Statue NFTs Use Ruby to upgrade your NFTs in the game, increasing their value. Bases can only be grown by upgrading the HQ level with Ruby. Heroes help your army attack opponents and defend your base. Statues enhance your base performance. So Much More Than Just a Game The Mavia ecosystem provides a full suite of tools that make for an uniquely immersive experience. Cutting-Edge NFT Marketplace Buy, sell and rent NFTs on the Mavia marketplace without leaving the game Live Battle Streaming &amp; Replays Base Partnership Manager Global Player Rankings &amp; Stats Backed by World-Class Partners Skrice Studios Team Yvan F. Executive Producer Nhan C. CTO Tristan C. Managing Director Wayne R. Marketing Lead Julian D. CG Supervisor Michael D. Lead Concept Artist Ben S. Lead 2D Environment Olivier L. Lead Animator Jean-Brice R. Storyboard Artist Sunny P. Community Lead Eric Rivera, Advisor FaZe Clan ® “Coming from a professional gaming background, I was searching for the first big title that will bring the masses to GameFi. Blockchain gaming is only just beginning, and I believe Mavia is well-positioned to lead this space and demonstrate the importance of combining AAA quality graphics, addictive gameplay and a strong economic model for play-to-earn currencies.” We're Just Getting Started The Mavia roadmap outlines groundbreaking new developments planned for the game and ecosystem. Alpha Gameplay 2022 Q3 Beta Launch 2022 Q4 NFT App Launch 2023 Q1 F2P Global Launch 2023 Q2 New in Mavia The “Mass Ownership” Ruby Model Throughout the past two years or so, the blockchain gaming space has seen very wild highs and lows. We saw an explosion of interest in digital collectibles, NFT assets in games, and an exciting new frontier of game models. However, we also witnessed unsustainable token models collapse, many fly-by-night play-to-earn scams, and a struggle to find the perfect blend between smooth user experience and compliance with app stores. While many Web3 ventures have dared to redefine gaming, capturing the ideal blend of intuitive play and blockchain sophistication continues to challenge even the most dedicated teams. LEARN MORE Mavia Beta Release Rollout After over a year of development and design, we are excited to announce the official rollout plan for the Heroes of Mavia&nbsp;Beta. LEARN MORE Mavia Community January 2023 Update A much anticipated update from the Heroes of Mavia development team. Updates on features, timelines, staking and&nbsp;more! LEARN MORE Mavia Community Q3 Update This article contains several major updates which outline the main milestones and topics for the upcoming Q3 2022&nbsp;quarter. LEARN MORE The Mavia Art Gallery Grand Opening We are pleased to announce to our community (as an unannounced surprise) the grand opening of “The Mavia Art Gallery”. LEARN MORE Important Mavia Updates — Land NFT Supply, Free-to-Play, Heroes and more! We are excited to share these important updates to all of our Mavia Land owners and community members. LEARN MORE Mavia Land NFT Soft-Staking We are proud to introduce Land NFT Soft-Staking, a new concept created by our team at Skrice Studios that allows any Land NFT owner to stake their land and earn rewards without the need to pay gas or give up control of the NFT&nbsp;token. LEARN MORE Mavia Land Owner Manual — Roadmap, Benefits and More! We would first like to congratulate all of our new Mavia Land NFT holders! Our mint was a massive success, reaching a ranking of #8 on the 24-hour OpenSea volume charts within 12 hours of&nbsp;mint! LEARN MORE Mavia NFT Minting Walkthrough This tutorial will guide you through the minting process for the Mavia Land NFT mint. Please note that this minting process is very similar to the one which will be used in future mints, such as Mavia Hero and Statue NFTs for&nbsp;example. LEARN MORE Heroes of Mavia Secures $2.5 Million Strategic Funding Led By Crypto.com Capital We are proud to announce the closing of our $2.5 million strategic funding round led by Crypto.com Capital. This round also saw participation from Hashkey Capital, Merit Circle, GuildFi, YGG SEA, Avocado Guild and several other funds/guilds. LEARN MORE Additional Mavia Resources Download the Mavia Game Deck in over 12 languages, as well as the Mavia Press Kit for branding assets. Game Deck ENGLISH DOWNLOAD Press Kit DOWNLOAD Designed and Developed by Skrice Studios Skrice Studios is a blockchain game development studio based out of Vietnam, currently working exclusively on developing Mavia. LEARN MORE Main Home Marketplace Sitemap Creator Program Explore Players Alliances Analytics Leaderboards Tokens Learn More Staking Mint NFTs More Governance Art Gallery Documentation Mavia Elite Project Help &amp; Support Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Skrice Studios MAVIA Price COMING SOON Coming Soon On APP STORE Coming Soon On GOOGLE PLAY © Copyright Studios 2023 EN Beta Registration Now Available Home Explore Tokens Marketplace More Game CONNECT TO WALLET 