 Dungeons Available Now! Listings Activity Buy Hearts Discord OpenSea Twitter Staking Play Connect wallet menu Connect wallet Listings Activity Buy Hearts Discord OpenSea Twitter Staking Your browser does not support the video tag. Merlin's Dungeon Pre-Alpha Free to play for everyone! Play Now Merlin's Dungeons Embark on a thrilling journey through Merlin's Dungeons, where the fate of humanity rests in your hands. As one of the chosen 3,333 Heroes, it is your destiny to defend against the looming threat of The Ghouls. Train your skills and hone your battle prowess by defeating the monsters that lurk within the dungeons. Prove your bravery and become the ultimate champion in this epic adventure, where the stakes are high and the rewards are even greater. Play Now Dungeons Available Now MINT A DUNGEON Weekly Dungeon Events Join upcoming Dungeon events and test your mettle! Each week, select dungeons will be chosen for players to explore and conquer. If your dungeon is chosen you'll share in the rewards as players battle through the challenges within. And for the top performers of the events, even more special rewards await! Don't miss out on this exciting opportunity to prove your bravery and earn wonderful treasures. Events starting soon! Get a Dungeon A prophecy foretold... 3,333 heroes would come forth to fight for the soul of humankind against an abhorrent evil. Those Heroes have arrived. Buy Heroes with Hearts Browse OpenSea Own your character and progress Become the ultimate Hero in Merlin's Dungeons and join the Heroes universe! Your Hero, stored on the Ethereum blockchain, was summoned with base stats, ready for you to play and level up. With exciting customizations to come, your Hero is a unique and valuable asset. Show off your skills in the dungeons and earn valuable rewards. You can sell or trade your Hero on third party marketplaces. Plus, each Hero receives a complimentary Ghoul NFT (minus transaction fees). Building open worlds Heroes are stored on the Ethereum blockchain and the art is licensed as CC0. Anyone can build on top of the Heroes core art and stats. When the Heroes were summoned their stats were stored directly on the blockchain and can be used by anyone for anything. We believe in the concept of open world creation and look forward to where it will take us. The Heart Token Unlock the full potential of the Hero universe with Hearts, the sought-after premium currency. You can buy new Hero characters directly from the Hero marketplace using hearts and soon you'll be able to trade Hearts for premium in-game items. Hearts provide an opportunity to elevate your game play experience. Developer Updates News from the team 3/1/23 Heroes Official Developer Update #2 2/1/23 Heroes Official Developer Update #1 1/30/23 Turning On-Chain Dungeon Layouts into Playable Unity Levels 