 High Forge Explore Projects Launch A Project Connect Wallet You've Got An Idea. We've Got the Launchpad. A powerful tool to generate and launch your NFTs on the Algorand blockchain. Start Your Project Featured Projects They Look Pretty Great, Don't They? Algo Dookies #2 Loading... Puffers Loading... AlgoSkulls Loading... How Does It Work? Even a Bored Ape Could Understand Create Your Images Start by uploading your traits into our editor and tweaking the rules until you're happy with the results. We'll take care of the technical stuff so you can focus on the magic. Connect Your Wallet Every NFT creator needs a crypto wallet. Connect yours to High Forge so we can launch your project to the Algorand blockchain. After people mint your NFTs, visit your project page to claim their payments. Launch Your Project When you're ready, we'll launch your project. You'll get some creator-only tools to help manage your project and keep things running smoothly. Start Your Project Questions? Here's the Most Frequently Asked How much does it cost to launch a collection? The upfront costs required to launch a project on High Forge are very minimal. You'll pay  0.002 for every trait image you upload, and  0.01 for every NFT that we generate for you. For example, a collection with 4,444 NFTs composed of 125 traits will cost a little more than  44.7 . These costs pay for image storage, IPFS pinning, and prevents spam. Whenever someone mints one of your NFTs, High Forge will take a 5% launchpad fee . After you launch your project, you will have the option to use an a]:border-none inline-block underline"> AlgoSkull to reduce this fee to 2.5%. What's the problem with shuffles? The standard mechanism for launching a project in the Algorand space right now is by doing a shuffle . Shuffles are where a collection creator mints all of their NFTs and sends them to a wallet. This means that all of the NFTs in a collection are viewable before the project even launches. Being able to view all the NFTs prematurely is a problem because it allows people to know which NFTs are rare and which are not. When the time comes for the shuffle to begin, tech-savvy users can use tools to manipulate the shuffle to make sure they only mint rare NFTs. This is called rarity sniping , and it occurs in the Algorand ecosystem. Platforms have tried to avoid this problem by requiring the user to sign dozens of transactions, and randomly submitting one or more on their behalf. This system comes with a few problems: 1. It teaches users to blindly sign transactions. This teaching will lead to wallet drains. 2. Users who successfully sign transactions are not guaranteed to mint an NFT. 3. It is still prone to rarity sniping (just to a lesser degree). High Forge solves these problems by distributing NFTs through a live mint . What exactly is a live mint? A live mint is a process of distributing NFTs to the community. Unlike shuffles, NFTs are not added to the blockchain until the user mints them. The user has no way of knowing beforehand what they might get, so it is impossible for them to gain any information that will give them an unfair advantage. With our implementation of live minting, users sign transactions and submit them directly to the blockchain. If there are NFTs available to be minted, the user will mint one. No worrying about if our backend will submit their transaction or not! Our backend will update the NFT immediately after it is minted with the correct image and metadata. Will I be the creator of NFTs minted through High Forge? Yes! High Forge leverages Algorand's delegated signature technology to mint NFTs on your behalf. When you launch a project, you will be asked to sign a transaction that creates a smart contract that manages the minting of NFTs. You will also be asked to give High Forge permission to mint NFTs on your behalf using this smart contract. Once your collection is fully minted, High Forge will no longer be able to mint NFTs on your behalf. As an aside, some other websites require you to upload your secret keys in order to mint NFTs on your behalf. You should be extremely hesitant sharing your secret keys with any website no matter their reputation. If you share your secret keys with them, you are giving them irrevokable control over your wallet. Are there any other benefits for AlgoSkulls? In addition to spending an AlgoSkull to reduce the launchpad fee (see "How much does it cost to launch a collection?"), there are benefits for simply holding AlgoSkulls. If you mint an NFT while holding an AlgoSkull, you pay a reduced platform fee. The breakdown is as follows: 1 AlgoSkull: 7% discount 3 AlgoSkulls: 14% discount 7 AlgoSkulls: 21% discount For example, let's assume there is a project that is selling NFTs for  100 and has the launchpad fee set to 5%. If you own four AlgoSkulls and mint one NFT, you will receive  0.7 back. To be clear, the discount is applied to the platform fee, not the overall mint price. What NFT standard does High Forge use? High Forge mints NFTs using the a]:border-none inline-block underline"> ARC-19 standard. We are currently building out smart contracts to support the upcoming ARC-72. Please contact us if you're interested in that and would like to find out more! Will there be tools to manage my project after launching? Because NFTs are minted directly from your wallet, you can use any tools that already exist in the Algorand ecosystem to manage your NFTs! In addition to existing tools, we have discussed creating tools to perform tasks like updating NFT images, updating NFT metadata, etc. We are weighing if it would be worth our time to do so, so if that sounds interesting to you, please reach out to us and let us know! Why do I receive ~  0.5 when claiming an NFT? In order to make it easy for other projects to record mints from High Forge, we have implemented a passthrough system. Essentially, you pay a temporary fee of  0.5 when you mint an NFT and it is refunded to you when you claim the NFT. Projects look for claim transactions and use the included payment info to record NFT mint events. But because a live mint has the payment info in the mint transaction and not the claim transaction, it would require custom work for other projects to record the mint. By implementing the passthrough system, we "pass through" the payment info from the mint transaction to the claim transaction. This is done by having the minter fund a temporary smart contract that holds the payment info when minting. Then when claiming, the smart contract releases the payment and is torn down. What does High Forge have to do with AlgoSeas? High Forge is part of the a]:border-none inline-block underline"> AlgoSeas ecosystem. It was created by the same team with the intent to provide a monetary stream into the AlgoSeas Pirate Game for players. 25% of all profits generated by High Forge eventually gets distributed to players of the game. Still Have Questions? We'd Love to Connect High Forge Join The Community Links Frequently Asked Questions Preferred Marketplace Play AlgoSeas *]:mx-8 text-60 text-center"> Copyright © 2022 High Forge. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy policy Explore Projects Launch A Project Connect Wallet 