 Skip to content Home LIST Token Store Classifieds NFTs Pool Main Menu Home LIST Token Store Classifieds NFTs Pool Join Hive Join Hive Welcome to HiveLIST E-Commerce For The Hive Blockchain and Beyond Web 3 Classifieds Network | NFT Marketplace | Multivendor Retail and Services Market About Classifieds Network NFT Marketplace Online Retail Store What is HiveLIST? Hivelist is an All-In-One ecommerce platform for the greater Hive and crypto community where people can be free to do business using crypto. Our vision is to be the e-commerce platform for a future economy based on doing business in cryptocurrencies. Our Mission is to offer a safe and transparent solution for people to do business using crypto in a documented way, no more scamming! As a member of the Hive community, your username is not only your social name and wallet address, but it also carries reputation! So you can know and check to see if the person you are trying to do business with is a reputable member of the community. Built on values. This is a community and e-commerce platform that was built with integrety and transparency! We aim to be a more honest and reputable solution than Craigslist and Amazon! Blockchain Classifieds The Hivelist Classifieds community is built to be a place where members of the Hive blockchain can post items for sale, services offered, gigs, contests, events, fundraisers and more. The HiveLIST Classifieds network rewards users in the LIST token which can be used to purchase NFTs, pay vendor fees or stake them in your Hive Engine wallet to earn more LIST and become a VIP member of the LIST Staking Club! Start your hive-commerce journey with our awesome global classifieds community classifieds network NFT Marketplace Artists, creators, and collectors can mint Non Fungible Tokens, or NFTs, on our native LIST token NFT marketplace. NFTs represent tokenized ownership of an asset. You can choose to use our native HiveLIST NFT market which uses the LIST token, or store vendors can link their NFTs from any blockchain market. Get whitelisted on our market and start minting and selling your work on the blockchain! nft marketplace online retail store The Hivelist.store is the online retail and services marketplace where anyone can shop for products and hire service operators using cryptocurrencies. Sign up to become a vendor to sell your products, offer a service, or showcase all of your NFTs from any blockchain in one place! Sign up as an affiliate to earn some extra crypto on sales they refer! online retail store Sell on Hivelist.store Follow Us On The Blockchain Discord Twitter Email Copyright © 2023 HiveList Powered by the Hive-Engine and built on the Hive Blockchain 