 Buy $HODL Buy $HODLX Claim Rewards 0x0e9 ... 5c301 Featured by TOTAL REWARDS PAID NaN BNB Reward Pool NaN BNB Project Funds $ NaN Hodlers NaN Liquidity Pool $ NaN Market Cap $ NaN Buy (5%) Sell (5%) Transfer (5%) Buy HODL Now Buy (5%) Sell (5%) Transfer (5%) 4% REWARDS Get your share of the BNB reward pool every 7 days, with 4% of all buys, transfers or sells going to it. 1% REFLECTIONS 1% of all buys, sells and transfers are sent to holders as $HODL tokens. Reflections sent continually, with a portion going to the burn address for hyper-deflation. 4% REWARDS Get your share of the BNB reward pool every 7 days, with 4% of all buys, transfers or sells going to it. 1% REFLECTIONS 1% of all buys, sells and transfers are sent to holders as $HODL tokens. Reflections sent continually, with a portion going to the burn address for hyper-deflation. 4% REWARDS Get your share of the BNB reward pool every 7 days, with 4% of all buys, transfers or sells going to it. 1% REFLECTIONS 1% of all buys, sells and transfers are sent to holders as $HODL tokens. Reflections sent continually, with a portion going to the burn address for hyper-deflation. Phase 1 Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Phase 4 contract innovation 2 Upgradable contract An upgradable contract allows continual innovation and optimization, keeping $HODL ahead of the curve and maximizing investor returns. Upgradable contract Contract Optimization With $HODL, we’ve refined our contract features, optimizing the sell bot, reinvestment options, and BNB reward claims to reduce gas fees and bolster passive income, ensuring maximized returns and minimized costs, especially for smaller investors entering the HODL ecosystem. Contract Optimization Reward Stacking With HODL Stack, small investors can stack their rewards until they exceed gas fees, empowering them to earn more. Reward Stacking Reinvestment bonus With the $HODL, claim 100% of your reward in $HODL and get a bonus: your next claim will be available in just 6 days instead of the usual 7 days! Reinvestment bonus Multiple reward options Investors can now select from BNB, $HODL, or $HODLX, and soon, HODL Hand NFTs. Multiple reward options HODL Vault Get even more rewards by opting into the HODL Vault, which encourages long-term holding and rewards the most dedicated investors. By locking up your tokens, you'll also contribute to the project's Total Value Locked (TVL), a key metric for investors. HODL Vault Refer and Earn Our affiliate program will reward HODLERS who bring new investors to our community, helping us scale and grow. Refer and Earn Cross-chain HODL will expand to multiple blockchains to reach investors around the world and offer more opportunities for growth. Cross-chain Community Control To get the best of both worlds, the $HODL contract will remain upgradable but will require a majority vote from the community to make proposed upgrades. Community Control staking &amp; farming 1 Invest HODL funds Maximize funds for our project and investors by staking portions of HODL's available funds. Invest HODL funds HODL DeFi Hub Earn more with HODLX.exchange - stake $HODL, $HODLX, and HODL Hands NFTs. With high APRs, our innovative platform offers easy earning opportunities, including token staking for NFTs and discounted token-to-NFT swapping. HODL DeFi Hub Stake Tokens to Earn NFTs Earning HODL Hands NFTs has never been easier with our highly innovative staking method. Just stake $HODL or $HODLX on the earn section of our DeFi hub over at HODLX.exchange. Stake Tokens to Earn NFTs Integrate DeFi Hub A fresh new look is coming to HODL DeFi Hub! With a complete redesign and upgrade, it will soon be integrated into the main HODL platform and app. Integrate DeFi Hub exchange listing 1 DEX Listings $HODL is listed on a number of Decentralized Exchanges, including HODLX, PancakeSwap, BabyDoge Swap, Flooz, Mobula, ApeSwap, and BabySwap. As a fully decentralized token, holders can securely trade, and receive BNB rewards and reflections for holding! DEX Listings Listings Optimization We optimize $HODL's listings on platforms like CoinMarketCap, CoinGecko, Vulkania, Nomics, and BscScan by providing complete and useful information to attract new investors. This helps maximize visibility and maintain a professional image, reinforcing our commitment to our investors. Listings Optimization New DEX Listings We will add $HODL to more decentralized exchanges, including those that require their own liquidity pools, including DODO Swap and Uniswap. New DEX Listings Top 5 CEX Listing Our doxxed CEO, team, and registered company make us an ideal candidate for the biggest CEXs like Binance, Gate.io, Coinbase, and KuCoin. Listing on a top 5 CEX would give us access to millions of investors worldwide, drawn to our world-class brand and innovative ecosystem. Top 5 CEX Listing partnerships 2 MoonScan HODL has partnered with MoonScan, the market-leading platform for tracking reflections. Together, we're working on innovative solutions to advance reflections technology and reporting. MoonScan StaySAFU HODL partners with StaySAFU for top-notch security on the Binance Smart Chain. Our collaboration includes optimizing our contract and delivering our KYC report to ensure the highest level of protection for all HODL contracts. StaySAFU Coinvote HODL partners with Coinvote, a top cryptocurrency aggregator that presents airdrops, contests, and early-stage projects. This enables us to engage with their audience via their website and social media. Coinvote Mobula HODL partners with Mobula, the decentralized data aggregator for showcasing crypto projects and charts. Our partnership includes showcasing $HODL and $HODLX listings, taking advantage of their prize system and innovations. Mobula Chainlink Labs HODL collaborates with Chainlink Labs to integrate VRF technology in our lottery and betting projects. Chainlink Labs supports us by raising awareness of our collaboration to their large audience through their websites and social media and giving us insight into new products we can utilize on an ongoing basis. Chainlink Labs LakeView Meta HODL partnered with LakeView Meta to bring $HODL, $HODLX, and HODL Hands NFTs to the metaverse, and collaborate on metaverse-based innovations. LakeView Meta Flooz HODL teams up with Flooz to simplify on-ramping for $HODL and $HODLX tokens on our website and app. Flooz offers fast, affordable, and seamless token swapping, buying, and cashing out on popular chains. Together, we're humanizing crypto for everyone! Flooz RugFreeCoins We're teaming up with RugFreeCoins to revolutionize the crypto space by enhancing security and accessibility. Our dynamic roadmap highlights collaborative efforts in contract optimization, play-to-earn, and smart contract consultancy to create a safer, more inclusive crypto experience. RugFreeCoins Global partnerships We will identify and secure partnerships with major global brands to attract new investors to HODL. Global partnerships products 3 Dashboard Take control of your $HODL investment with HODL Dash – the ultimate tool for tracking your progress. Get detailed insights into your BNB earnings, reflections, project wallets, exchanges, and more! Dashboard Merch Store Shop the latest HODL merch – from caps to mugs, laptop bags, and much more – and get it delivered worldwide! Merch Store Physical Coins Our physical coins are a true masterpiece – finished in stunning gold, silver, and bronze, they make for an amazing collectible for any crypto enthusiast! Physical Coins Website v2 You are viewing the HODL website v2 - a complete guide to all things HODL, beautifully presented. Website v2 Defi Hub HODL has launched its own DeFi Hub allowing us to capture the transaction fees on swaps and send those to our reward pool, plus offering staking and farming services to our investors. Defi Hub Dashboard v2 HODL Dash v2 is a world-class dashboard, showcasing everything you need to know about your investment in $HODL and the project. HODL Dash sets the standard for all other crypto dashboards. Dashboard v2 HODL App The HODL App is your gateway to passive income anytime, anywhere! Stay updated with alerts for reward availability, and access trading functions, wallet, and the entire HODL ecosystem. Engage the global audience who are yet to invest in DeFi. HODL App Fiat On and Off Ramps Upgrade our platform with a world-class fiat on/off-ramp, supported in as many countries as possible, including the US. This will make it easier to buy $HODL with pay-by-card and pay-via-bank options available. Fiat On and Off Ramps HODL Pay A digital payment card within the HODL App that lets you spend your passive income rewards in-store and online, taking HODL to the mainstream. HODL Pay Texas HODL Experience the thrill of Texas hold'em poker with HODL Hands NFT integration! Play for a chance to win and contribute to our reward pool, helping us expand the project further. Texas HODL Merch Store v2 Coming soon: a new and improved HODL Store experience! Get ready for revamped merchandise, stunning brand upgrade, and even more products for sale. Merch Store v2 nfts 2 HODL Hands NFTs Discover the strength, unity, and resistance of HODL with our iconic 10k NFT range – HODL Hands. Featuring diverse and accessorized hands, this must-have collection symbolizes our community's spirit. HODL Hands NFTs Buy NFTs on Card Thanks to our partnership with NFTpay, buying HODL's NFTs just got easier! Our cutting-edge 'Buy on Card' option allows anyone to purchase an NFT with their debit or credit card, without the need for a crypto wallet. Buy NFTs on Card Migrated to BSC HODL Hands are now on Binance Smart Chain! Our iconic NFT range migrated to reduce gas fees and unlock major BSC-based utility. Migrated to BSC NFT Staking HODL Hand holders can now stake their NFTs via our DEX and earn strong APRs in both $HODL and $HODLX! NFT Staking NFTs Get Bonus $HODL Get more $HODL when buying with HODL Hands NFTs in your wallet via PancakeSwap or our DEX! Purchase $HODL with 1 to 20 NFTs in your wallet and get up to 5% more $HODL – the more NFTs, the higher the bonus! NFTs Get Bonus $HODL Gem Fighter NFTs Collect stunning 3D gemstone tradings and power up your ship to win more earnings with Gem Fighter! This procedurally-generated shooter uses state-of-the-art technology to allow players to compete in infinitely diverse environments. Gem Fighter NFTs Poker Integration Coming soon: HODL Hands NFTs will be integrated into our Texas HODL poker game, unlocking extra benefits for NFT owners when playing. Poker Integration HODL Hands 2 Get ready for HODL Hands 2 – our right-handed set featuring new accessories and an innovative breeding contract that lets NFT holders mint a 3rd NFT and earn big rewards! HODL Hands 2 games 2 Crypto Slash Play Crypto Slash – our fun game where you slash falling coins while avoiding bombs! Compete for prizes in our Telegram community by achieving the highest score! Crypto Slash Gem Miner Get ready to mine those gems with our manic game where you swipe gems into rows in just 60 seconds! Play for free and win prizes for the highest scores in our Telegram community. Gem Miner Coin Catcher Play Coin Catcher – our fun and frenetic game where you catch flying coins and score points by placing them into the piggy bank! Compete for prizes in our Telegram community with the highest score! Coin Catcher Moonshot Shoot for the moon with Moonshot – our skills-based game where you navigate through space and avoid drifting off! Play for free and win prizes in our Telegram community for the highest scores. Moonshot New Game Features All four HODL mini-games have been upgraded with new features in preparation for the addition of play-to-earn functionality. Experience enhanced playability and a higher fun factor! New Game Features Solitaire We've added this classic card game to our HODL Games roster, offering a different type of gaming option in preparation for play-to-earn functionality. Solitaire Play-to-earn Gaming Get ready to earn rewards while playing our HODL mini-games! We're adding play-to-earn functionality that lets you earn energy by holding HODL Hand NFTs. Use your energy to enter games and win passive income by ranking on the leaderboard. Play-to-earn Gaming Gem Fighter Get ready for an epic space adventure! We're developing a procedurally generated side-scrolling shoot 'em up game set in space from scratch. Collect Gem Fighter NFTs to power up your ship and stake HODL Hands to earn more of these stunning gemstones. Gem Fighter betting 1 HODL Bet Play Coin Toss or Rangefinder with $HODLX and generate more funds for our investors and project. HODL Bet Betting platform integration We're bringing our betting platform to the main HODL website and giving it a major UI upgrade for seamless integration with our ecosystem. Betting platform integration App Integration HODL Bet will be integrated into the HODL app for a seamless and all-in-one experience. Place your bets with ease and convenience! App Integration New Betting Games Coming soon: New betting games that pay out in HODL Hands NFTs, $HODL, $HODLX, and partner tokens! Look forward to playing our dice roll and spinning wheel games on the HODL betting platform. New Betting Games legal 1 OFAC Sanction Blocks HODL has implemented OFAC sanction blocks by blocking traffic from restricted countries' IPs. OFAC Sanction Blocks Company Registration HODL has registered as a company, enabling access to a bank account, the ability to raise capital through share sales, and increasing investor confidence. Company Registration AML Analytics HODL is preparing to become the first BSC project to utilize Coinfirm's anti-money laundering analytics, ensuring a safe and secure ecosystem for our users. This tool will allow us to report any suspicious activity to relevant authorities, keeping HODL and our investors protected. AML Analytics Live AML Checks We're implementing live anti-money laundering checks to ensure that our services are not accessible by blacklisted wallets, using market-leading AML software. Live AML Checks MiCA Passport By applying for MiCA’s passport, $HODL aims to ensure compliance with regulatory norms across all EU states, enhancing the token’s legitimacy and accessibility for European users. MiCA Passport BNB Rewards 4% of all transactions go towards BNB rewards for $HODL holders. Earn more the longer you hold. Reflections 1% of all $HODL transactions reflect back to holders and the burn address, growing your balance and reducing the supply. Anti-Dump Defense Protect your investment and enjoy stability with our anti-dump mechanism. We limit any single address to selling only 1% of the total supply, which is 7.5 trillion tokens within a 24-hour period. HODL for maximum gains! Reinvesting bonuses Reinvest into $HODL or $HODLX tax-free! For even more earning power, reinvest 100% into $HODL and claim again a day earlier! Stack for More! Get the most out of your passive income with HODL Stack, the market-leading reward-stacking technology. Small investors, big rewards! Play to Win with HODLX Gamble with $HODLX in two fun games - coin toss and rangefinder. Bet to win big! Swap &amp; Earn with our DEX! Trade tokens and earn more with staking pools and farms on our decentralized exchange. Stake $HODL or $HODLX to receive $HODL, $HODLX, and NFTs! HODL Hands® NFTs Get more rewards by staking HODL Hands® NFTs on the Binance Smart Chain. All sales fund project growth and rewards. Play-to-earn With 5 mini-games complete, a studio-scale game in the works and poker on the way, the HODL ecosystem is bringing fun ways to earn more! Buy HODL Now Whitepaper View now Smart contract View now Contract audit report View PDF LIVE Learn more $HODL Reward Calculator Invest BNB Invest USD Tokens HODL Weekly reward 0.0000 BNB&nbsp;/&nbsp; $ 0 Annual rewards 0.0000 BNB &nbsp;/&nbsp; $ 0 Featured by Buy HODL Now 0x0e9 ... 5c301 Key Info About Roadmap Whitepaper Retail Deck Team Achievements $HODL Buy $HODL About Calculate Rewards Where to Buy Chart Rankings $HODLX Buy $HODLX About Earn Where to Buy Chart Contract HODL Hands® Buy HODL Hands® About Retail Deck NFT Staking Contract NFT Swap Staking Staking Yield Farming NFT Staking Special Pools Add Liquidity Refer &amp; Earn Play-to-Earn About Crypto Slash Solitaire Gem Miner Coin Catcher Moonshot Community Telegram Discord Twitter Reddit Case Studies Charity More News FAQs Merchandise Partners Origin of HODL Videos Terms Privacy Cookies Disclaimers © HODLVERSE Inc Chatting with HODL Hi, please help me 