 Hope Card Proof of Reserve Launch App Launch App Proof of Reserve Hope Card $HOPE NEXT GEN MONEY A distributed stablecoin designed for everyone, backed by crypto-native reserves. Facilitating secure and borderless transactions with DeFi. Total Supply of $HOPE 0 ≈ 0 USD $HOPE Reserve Price $HOPE is currently backed by reserves of BTC and ETH at a set pegging ratio, which was established following a discovery phase. The reserve price of $HOPE now fluctuates alongside BTC and ETH prices while maintaining the established ratio. *The reserve price of $HOPE is not affected by arbitrage activities and may be different from the market price of $HOPE in HopeSwap. Pegging Ratio Discovery Reserve Price of $HOPE 1 $HOPE = 0.4790 USD 1m 5m 15m 30m 1h 12h 1D 1W 1M All Introducing the HOPE Ecosystem An all-in-one ecosystem of applications runs on $HOPE, powered by $LT. Bridging TradFi, CeFi, and DeFi with pioneering financial vehicles and cornerstone tools, Hope.money aims to make frictionless and transparent next-gen financial services accessible to everyone. Learn more Learn more Why Hope.money? The inevitable migration from CeFi to DeFi is accelerating. However, the complexity and obscurity of DeFi’s current protocols remain obstacles for everyday users. Hope.money offers a new path forward, introducing user-centric innovations for scalable crypto finance by bridging the best of TradFi, CeFi, and DeFi. How does Hope.money work? $HOPE Hope.money runs on $HOPE, a distributed stablecoin backed by crypto-native reserves that offers various utilities for protocols within the HOPE Ecosystem. Users can stake $HOPE for $stHOPE, $stHOPE holders will get $LT as staking rewards. Learn more Learn more $LT (Light Token) $LT (Light Token) will be released to incentivize liquidity provision and governance participation within the HOPE Ecosystem. Vote-lock $LT for veLT, veLT holders can boost their $LT rewards and vote for governance proposals. Learn more Learn more Explore the HOPE Ecosystem HopeSwap A swap protocol built on Ethereum using an Automated Market Making system. Get $HOPE on HopeSwap. Launch App Launch App HopeLend As an integral component of the HOPE Ecosystem, HopeLend is a decentralized, non-custodial lending protocol that's set to redefine how you utilize and interact with assets not only within the HOPE Ecosystem but also the entire DeFi space. Lenders, borrowers, and liquidators will all be rewarded with $LT for their participation. Lend to Earn Lend to Earn HopeConnect HopeConnect is an innovative protocol that grants DeFi users smooth access to CeFi and TradFi services nad products, such as credit card payment, centralized derivatives trading, and traditional stocks. HopeConnect is where Hope.money connects CeFi and TradFi with DeFi. Take full advantage of the decentralization and anonymity of HopeConnect while enjoying the CeFi-level user experience, without entrusting your funds with any centralized institute. Stay Tuned Stay Tuned $HOPE Gömböc Transparency for all, stable at its core $HOPE Gömböc is a reserve pool for $HOPE, supporting the growth of Hope.money. Track and monitor all activities at a glance. All transactions will be clearly shown, tracked, and verified on-chain. Learn more Follow Hope.money Keep up-to-date with everything happening within the HOPE Ecosystem. I want $HOPE Join our community Twitter Discord Medium FAQ Q. What is $HOPE? A. At the center of Hope.money, $HOPE is designed to be a distributed stablecoin that will become a currency vehicle for everyone to enjoy financial inclusion in a fully transparent and secure environment. Read more about $HOPE here . Q. What is $LT? A. $LT (Light Token) is the incentive and governance token for the entire HOPE Ecosystem, providing incentives for liquidity provision and governance participation. Read more about $LT here . Q. How can I get $HOPE? A. $HOPE has a distributed distributor network where eligible entities can apply to mint. Retail users can get $HOPE instantly on HopeSwap. Q. What is the HOPE Ecosystem? A. The HOPE Ecosystem is an all-in-one ecosystem that provides a comprehensive set of use cases around $HOPE, including swap, lending, custody, clearing, and settlement, while incentivizing users to participate in the ecosystem and community governance through $LT. Q. Who can participate in Hope.money? A. Our mission is to make frictionless and transparent next-gen financial services accessible to everyone. That means anyone anywhere can participate in Hope.money. In fact, we welcome developers across all ecosystems to join us in creating innovative DeFi protocols to change the lives of billions. Q. Why do we need Hope.money? A. Hope.money is born amid a widespread crisis of trust and transparency following the collapse of several centralized institutions. At the same time, DeFi protocols are unwieldy and require intimate knowledge of how the DeFi ecosystem works. This makes the barriers to entry high, and so DeFi is mostly only used by crypto natives. If DeFi is to go mainstream, we need a frictionless and easy-to-use ecosystem of groundbreaking applications, designed to bridge the gaps between DeFi, CeFi and TradFi use cases. Q. Can I stake my $HOPE and/or $LT? A. Yes. You can stake $HOPE for $stHOPE, and vote lock $LT for veLT. Q. Are my funds SAFU? A. Hope.money has a distributed reserve network where $HOPE's reserves are secured amongst the world's most trusted digital asset custodians. All protocols within the HOPE Ecosystem, on the other hand, are decentralized and self-custodial. Users are in full control of their assets and maintain full control of them while interacting with the protocols. This means that you have the freedom to trade when and how you want from the privacy of your own wallet. In addition, all transactions are fully visible on-chain for transparency. Privacy Policy Cookie Terms Docs Get In Touch Brand Assets Audits Github DISCLAIMER: All applications introduced in this webpage and its extended webpages would be made available to customers to the extent allowable by respective jurisdictions. They are not and shall not be considered as investment advice, nor they constitute any offer or solicitation of offer to subscribe or transact. This webpage is for general purposes only and does not take into account your individual needs and specific financial circumstances. If you have any doubt on this webpage or any related documentation, you should seek independent professional advice. 