You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.LAUNCH DEXHomeAdvantagesLoyalty ProgramDocsLAUNCH DEXBUILT FOR EVERYONELEADING CONCENTRATED LIQUIDITY DEXTEnter DEXRead DocsBUILDING UPON A STRONG FOUNDATION : BASE &amp; LINEAHorizonDEX is building upon the latest and robust networks in the crypto market: BASE, supported by Coinbase, and Linea, supported by ConsenSys, the creator of MetaMask. Base is the latest Ethereum Layer 2 (L2) network developed which has been developed by Coinbase using OP Stack. Base is described by Coinbase as a “secure, low-cost, developer-friendly Ethereum L2 built to bring the next billion users to web3". Linea represents the next generation of Layer 2 zkEVM, combining low fees, Ethereum's security, and full EVM compatibility.EARN ATTRACTIVE YIELDS WITH Horizon DEXHorizonDEX is on a mission to become the primary liquidity hub for BASE and LINEA. To achieve this, we will implement incentive programs that empower users to earn attractive yields on their favorite tokens. Our goal is simple and powerful; to promote and foster the growth of BASE &amp; LINEA and pave the way for mainstream adoption.FIRST CONCENTRATED LIQUIDITY DEXAll current DEXs on BASE &amp; LINEA are built on the standard Uniswap-V2 model. Driven by improved design, concentrated liquidity DEXs attract significantly more volume. HorizonDEX will be the pioneer in providing concentrated liquidity on BASE and LINEA.Horizon DEX: FOCUSING ON SECURITY FIRSTAs the HorizonDEX team, we are committed to providing maximum security and transparency. HorizonDEX has been successfully audited by three independent auditing firms, namely: Hacken, SolidProof, and DefiMoon. Our audit results are published in our docs.HORIZON DEX: BOOSTING BASE &amp; LINEA LIQUIDITYHorizonDEX helps boost liquidity on BASE &amp; LINEA Most chains receive significant liquidity but struggle to retain users – a commonly overlooked fact that often leads to their downfall… Both BASE and LINEA are backed by the best and have a strong, committed user base. Now, we just need to build up their liquidity.Advantages of Concentrated Liquidity Price Impact:Capital Efficiency:Flexibilty:Impermanent Loss:Trading Volume:Uni V2 High Low Low High LowConcentrated Liquidity Low High High (e.g. active liquidity provision, limit orders, etc.) Able to mitigate via variable fees High (attracts significantly more volume)TL;DR: Concentrated liquidity is an innovative development within Automated Market Makers, enabling Liquidity Providers to adopt more refined strategies, optimize returns and mitigate risks.Audit PartnersEcosystem PartnersFAQWhat is HorizonDEX?HorizonDEX is the first Concentrated Liquidity DEXs built on Linea. Unlike traditional Automated Market Makers, HorizonDEX liquidity pools utilize invested capital with greater efficiency – resulting in greater returns for liquidity providers.HorizonDEX is driven to deliver an unrivalled trading experience with superior DeFi liquidity efficiency – achieving this via its concentrated liquidity protocol and series of affiliated interoperable functional modules.When will the Testnet Phase be over?All testnet users will receive a testnet NFT.We will announce more details about participation NFTs at the end of the Testnet period. Please follow official HorizonDEX social media platforms for updates and announcements regarding the end of the campaign.Is HorizonDEX audited?As the HorizonDEX team, we are committed to providing maximum security and transparency. HorizonDEX has been successfully audited by three independent auditing firms, namely: Hacken, SolidProof, and DefiMoon. Our audit results are published in our docs.What is Linea?Linea is a zkRollup solution powered by Consensys' zkEVM technology, an innovative attempt to scale the Ethereum blockchain. The zk in zkRollup and zkEVM stands for "zero-knowledge," a type of proof that allows one party to prove to another that a statement is true without conveying any additional information apart from the fact that the statement is indeed true. This technology significantly enhances privacy and reduces the computational load on the Ethereum network.Is HorizonDEX an official Linea Ecosystem Partner?Yes, our team has been selected to become an official launch partner for the Linea alpha mainnet release. Additionally, we are an official Linea ecosystem partner. You can find our listing on the official Linea page here: https://linea.build/apps.What does Concentrated Liquidity mean?Concentrated liquidity is an innovative development in Automated Market Makers (AMMs), enabling Liquidity Providers to adopt more refined strategies, optimize returns and mitigate risk.Do you offer incentives for protocols that list on your DEX?Yes, we are offering a program for protocols to help them bootstrap their liquidity. Our team has vast experience in helping protocols achieve high liquidity and setting the right parameters. Please open a ticket in our Discord and we can offer you a competitive package.HomeAdvantagesLoyalty ProgramDocsBrand AssetsTermsCopyright © 2023 HorizonDEX