 <div class="et_pb_text_inner" data-et-multi-view="{&quot;schema&quot;:{&quot;content&quot;:{&quot;desktop&quot;:&quot;Chapter 3 is live! Visit our\u00a0store to order.&quot;,&quot;tablet&quot;:&quot;Chapter 3 is live! Visit our store to order.&quot;,&quot;phone&quot;:&quot;Chapter 3 is live!Visit our store to order.&quot;}},&quot;slug&quot;:&quot;et_pb_text&quot;}" data-et-multi-view-load-tablet-hidden="true" data-et-multi-view-load-phone-hidden="true">Chapter 3 is live! Visit our&nbsp;store to order. DCWhere to buy Hro Shop RetailersBlogSupport DCWhere to buy Hro Shop RetailersBlogSupport US UK FR DE PTLogin US UK FR DE PTLogin Video Player 00:0000:0000:14Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume. Video Player 00:0000:0000:14Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume. Hro Officially Licensed Hybrid Trading Cards Your gateway to a new eraCollect, trade, buy, and compete on the web platform or download the mobile app to start unlocking the DC Multiverse! Login to Hro Your gateway to a new eraCollect, trade, buy, and compete on the web platform or download the mobile app to start unlocking the DC Multiverse! Login to Hro Take your fandom to the next level Your gateway to a new era awaits! Enter the Hro community, only accessible via our unique Hro hybrid trading cards. Utilizing blockchain technology, each physical trading card is unique and unlocks a digital twin so you have 24/7 access to your collection – allowing you to buy, sell, trade, and compete with a global community of fans.As the DC Multiverse continues to expand, don’t miss out on any of the action! Whether it’s physical Hro trading cards or their non-fungible token twins, each item shines a light on an iconic visual from the past 85+ years of DC history. And from there, your Multiverse adventures can continue to reach new heights as you trade and collect different cards in search of special rewards and experiences.The future of collecting and trading is finally here. Welcome to the unique world of Hro. Collect Forge your personal legacy as you navigate the Hro platform, unlocking unique hybrid trading cards and keeping track of your collection. Scan the QR codes on the back of your physical cards to claim each one’s digital twin. And then delve deeper into DC’s Multiverse of Super Heroes and Super-Villains by engaging with other fans and growing your collection in real-time. Compete Who’s the biggest fan in the DC Multiverse? Seek out the rarest cards, race to the top of the community leaderboards, and unlock your chance to receive special rewards as a part of our collection drops throughout the year! Trade Enter the Hro marketplace to curate your collection. Inside the platform (or outside if you choose), you’ll have the chance to negotiate with buyers, sellers, and traders to track down the cards you need to complete your collection. And, within the Hro interface, you can take confidence in knowing that the blockchain technology offers you proof of authenticity as well as ownership over every asset. Experience Celebrating your favorite DC Super Heroes and Super-Villains has never looked quite like this! Join together with passionate fans from all around the world and take your fandom to new levels. In this next chapter of collecting, your rewards might even expand beyond the Hro platform and into the real world through money-can’t-buy items and physical experiences. Unlock the MultiverseHro is excited and proud to partner with Warner Bros. and DC to create a fresh and innovative experience celebrating the DC Multiverse. Access iconic artwork in brand-new ways, get special glimpses into new/upcoming content releases, compete for rare prizes, and forge your own epic origin story as you venture deeper into the world of DC than ever before! Discover the DC Multiverse Roadmap And this is only the beginning… I First partner announcementWe are extremely proud to announce Warner Bros. as our first partner. Keep your eyes open as we’ll announce more partners in the future. II Official Launch: Chapter 1The first chapter of our DC Unlock the Multiverse story debuted in March 2022 both physically and digitally. Join the community, follow along on social media and see the cards from Chapter 1 on the Hro marketplace. III Digital Pack DropsOur physical trading card twin sets are complemented by digital-only drops with additional cards that enable you to grow your collection. Each release has a special theme to take you deeper into the DC Multiverse and is available in blind packs. IV Official Launch: Chapter 2The second chapter of our DC Unlock the Multiverse story was launched in October 2022. V Official Launch: Chapter 3The third chapter of our DC Unlock the Multiverse story was launched in March 2023. VI Physical RedemptionHybrid trading cards would not be hybrid without a physical and digital connection. We will be developing a feature that&nbsp; enables you to redeem physical twins of your digital collections if you complete the entire set. Join the Hro community Want to stay up to date or maybe even one step ahead? Subscribe, keep in touch on social media, and showcase your fandom all year long! Join our Discord Stay in touch Subscribe to our newsletter and follow us on social media so you don’t miss a beat as this new era of collecting unfolds! Success! Email Website Subscribers Website Subscribers Hro.gg Subscribers Shazam! Cinema Promo - March 2023 Subscribe to Newsletter We process your personal data in accordance with our privacy policy.     Careers​ Press​ Manage My Subscription Hro Team Members Collecting Policy Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Snapshot Rewards Program Terms &amp; Conditions © Hro 2023. All rights reserved. DC LOGO and all related characters and elements © &amp; ™ DC. SHAZAM! FURY OF THE GODS and all related characters and elements © &amp; ™ DC and Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (s23) Our use of cookiesWe use Essential cookies which are needed to operate our websites. We also would like to set Optional cookies that help us improve our websites and your navigation but will only do so if you accept their placement. Get more info on what a cookie is, which cookies we use and why and how to disable them by clicking on Manage my Preference below or in ourPrivacy Policy.Manage my preferences Continue without accepting Accept All CookiesPrivacy Preference CenterYour PrivacyEssential cookiesOptional cookiesYour PrivacyWhen you visit a website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device. Except for essential one, no cookies will be placed by us on your computer unless if accept their placement. Click on the different category headings below to find out more and change our default settings. Privacy Policy Cookies list Essential cookiesAlways ActiveEssential cookies are necessary for purely technical reasons in order to use our Services. Given the technical necessity, only an information obligation applies, and these cookies are placed as soon as you access our Services (contrary to the optional cookies, for which your consent is required). You may nevertheless disable essential cookies by changing your browser settings, but this may affect the functionality of our Services.View Vendor Details‎Optional cookies Optional cookies These cookies are additional and optional.Targeting Cookies Switch Label These cookies are placed by our advertising partners. If you accept their placement, they may be used by our advertising partners to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. By not allowing these cookies, you experience less targeted advertising.Performance Cookies Switch Label Once accepted, these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Services. They help us to know which Services are the most and least popular and see how individuals use and navigate our Services. By not allowing these cookies, you will prevent us from knowing when and how you have used our Services.View Vendor Details‎Back ButtonBack Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label labelView Third Party CookiesNamecookie nameClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConfirm My ChoicesReject All Allow All 