 Join speakers, hackers and builders at the first HUMAN Protocol conference in Lisbon, 14-15 NOV Get tickets HMT is not available in your country. We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Deny Accept All Discover Products HUMAN App Proof of HUMANity HUMAN Global Queries Token Routing Layer Routing Layer Tokenomics Core Contributors Careers Build Developers Technology DevBounty Program BugBounty Program Github Grants Program Community Grants Program Elite Ops Program Events Official Third party Resources Documents Hub Litepaper Technical Whitepaper AI Whitepaper Routing Layer Tokenomics Roadmap Dashboard One Pagers Archive Brand Assets Blog Dashboard HUMAN App HUMAN App Discover Products HUMAN App Proof of HUMANity HUMAN Global Queries Token Routing Layer Routing Layer Tokenomics Core Contributors Careers Build Developers Technology DevBounty Program BugBounty Program Github Grants Program Community Grants Program Elite Ops Program Events Third party Resources Documents Hub Litepaper Technical Whitepaper AI Whitepaper Routing Layer Tokenomics Roadmap Dashboard One Pagers Archive Brand Assets Blog Dashboard HUMAN App Reach millions, Not hundreds. HUMAN Protocol enables collaboration at a global scale. Anyone can pay millions of people to complete work on-chain. Join us Find out more BUILT FOR MULTI-CHAIN BUILT FOR MULTI-CHAIN BUILT FOR MULTI-CHAIN BUILT FOR MULTI-CHAIN BUILT FOR MULTI-CHAIN Global . Automated . Fair . HUMAN Protocol is a collection of technological layers and applications. Together, they enable a decentralized, automated solution to the launch, evaluation, and payment of many different kinds of work. Watch video Powered by two technological layers ... Routing Layer The Routing Layer coordinates all entities within the network, and establishes the framework by which they work together. This process includes fee agreement, staking, slashing, voting, and more. For example, an oracle or blockchain must stake HMT via the Routing Layer to operate in the network. Learn more -&gt; + Execution Layer The Execution Layer fulfils the on-chain execution of the various work and responsibilities that the Routing Layer has discovered, assigned and distributed. For example, Workers complete their tasks via the Execution Layer. Learn more -&gt; = Smart Routes Every user has a unique requirement on HUMAN Protocol. Smart Routes are the individual connections you make when you engage with HUMAN Protocol. Contact sales -&gt; HUMAN OPS is live! A community-led initiative to help you learn, grow, gain experience &amp; receive rewards. Learn more Get Involved Let's go Build Smart Routes Reach millions Receive a grant Build Work and earn Pay contributors effectively. Automate evaluation. Or bring HUMAN work to your blockchain.The possibilities for your Smart Routes are endless. Contact Sales The HUMAN community offers grants and developer assistance to make it easy to adopt Smart Routes. If your project could benefit from HUMAN Protocol, get in touch. Apply HUMAN Protocol is totally open-source. Anyone can use our technology, apps, and blockchain layers to enhance their own use cases. Develop Join the 500,000 registered users on the HUMAN App, and complete work today to earn crypto. Sign in to HUMAN App Products HUMAN App 600MM tasks solved (Q4 2022-Q1 2023). Where HUMANs complete jobs. Anyone in a verified country can earn HMT by signing up, referring friends, and solving jobs. By using the App, Workers are brought closer to the rewards of their work; and Requesters gain access to diverse work pools capable of completing increasingly difficult work Go to HUMAN App Watch video Proof of HUMANity Scalable bot protection for the Web 3.0 world. Proof of HUMANity uses a CAPTCHA to verify a user’s humanity on-chain, protecting the blockchain ecosystem from bots. Applicable to DApps, DEXs, DeFi, NFT auctions, governance, and more. Learn more HUMAN Global Queries HUMAN Global Queries extends the core functionality of the Protocol to create applications capable of truly global question and response systems. The first Global Queries application, Ask Athena, is a market research tool with powerful A/B testing, multiple choice, and data scraping functionalities. Learn more Grants Program The wide variety of grants reflects the uniquely flexible qualities of HUMAN Protocol. From AMM in DeFi, to content moderation, bounty creation in Web3 ecosystems, and rewarding customer reviews, HUMAN Protocol facilitates a wide range of new economic opportunities. Apply Verita Trust Verita Trust are building a system to bring customer reviews on-chain. ‍ The grant will fund the integration of HUMAN Protocl’s oracle network to evaluate reviews, reviewer reputation, and subsequent payout on-chain. Hummingbot Hummingbot uses bots to deliver automated market-making (AMM) and aribtrage opportunities. Hummingbot will use the grant to leverage HUMAN Protocol's Recording Oracle to track individual contribution to liquidity pools, accordingly ascribe rewards, and settle those rewards on-chain. The end goal is to create decentralized reward pools for DeFi. Ramblist Ramblist is a vision to create the first decentralzied newsroom. Through the grant, Ramblist can leverage HUMAN Protocol's payment solutions to scale their payment to news contributors across the globe. Audino An audio-tagging tool supporting the efforts of the National Health Mission of the Indian Government. Through the grant, work is ongoing to integrate audio-tagging in the HUMAN App. The data will be used to create a translation bot to help with healthcare services across India. ME Protocol The first decentralized, multi-vendor customer loyalty ecosystem. They will use an adjusted version of HUMAN Protocol's Job Launcher to create bounties, allowing brands to create bounties/challenges, the completion of which can be verified and rewarded automatically on-chain. See more grants Impact Projects Powering AI products that can truly benefit the future of humankind. Learn more A research institute of internationally renowned and award-winning scientists seeking to find cures. An open source framework based on deep-learning, used for multi-animal pose tracking. An open source, semi-automated image and video annotation tool. An audio tagging service for low-resource, high-usage languages, &nbsp;supporting the efforts of the Indian government. You can now check the live status of the HUMAN App Check status “Personally, I'm excited to collaborate with HUMAN Protocol because it is a way to connect Intel technologies with human intelligence at scale to solve hard computer vision problems.” Nikita Manovich Deep Learning Manager and Architect of Computer Vision Annotation Tool (CVAT) “We are excited to support HUMAN by providing them with access to secure and reliable oracle infrastructure and price Feeds to bring about a more robust set of decentralized labor markets.” Daniel Kochisz Head of Business Development, Chainlink “HUMAN Protocol has already made a giant dent in democratizing access to global talent for training machine vision models. They're rapidly executing on de-fragmenting the rest of the machine learning annotation market, which is gigantic.” Raj Gokal Chief Operating Officer, Solana “ Personally, I'm excited to collaborate with HUMAN Protocol because it is a way to connect Intel technologies with human intelligence at scale to solve hard computer vision problems. ” Nikita Manovich Deep Learning Manager and Architect of Computer Vision Annotation Tool (CVAT) “ We are excited to support HUMAN by providing them with access to secure and reliable oracle infrastructure and price Feeds to bring about a more robust set of decentralized labor markets. ” Daniel Kochisz Head of Business Development, Chainlink “ HUMAN Protocol has already made a giant dent in democratizing access to global talent for training machine vision models. They're rapidly executing on de-fragmenting the rest of the machine learning annotation market, which is gigantic. ” Raj Gokal Chief Operating Officer, Solana Papers &amp; Documents Find content that describes and supports the features on HUMAN Visit Document Hub Litepaper Version 2023.1 Routing Layer Version 1.0 Whitepaper AI Version 1.0 DRAFT Blog Go to Blog October 5, 2023 GUEST POST Newconomics 2023 - Meet our Speakers: Yan Ketelers Newconomics September 30, 2023 GUEST POST Newconomics 2023 - Meet our Speakers: Miguel Pinho Newconomics September 29, 2023 GUEST POST The Bright Side of AI #10: Tailoring Getty Images, Decoding Parkinson's in Minutes, and AI's Take on Female Hormones AI &amp; ML September 28, 2023 GUEST POST Newconomics 2023 - Meet our Speakers: Jason Fox Newconomics September 27, 2023 GUEST POST Newconomics 2023 - Meet our Speakers: Conor McNicholas Newconomics Get HUMAN news and updates By subscribing you agree to our Privacy Policy We'll keep you updated! No spam, promise. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Products HUMAN App Proof of HUMANity HUMAN Global Queries Discover Token Routing Layer Routing Layer Tokenomics Team Career Build Developers Technology DevBounty Program BugBounty Program Github Grants Program Community Grants Program Elite Ops Program Events Resources Documents Hub Litepaper Technical Whitepaper AI Whitepaper Routing Layer Tokenomics Roadmap Dashboard One Pagers Archive Brand Assets Impact Projects Blog Dashboard Third party communities Telegram English (Unoffical) Spanish Turkish Mixin Chinese © 2021 HPF. HUMAN Protocol® is a registered trademark contact@hmt.ai Protocol Disclaimer Terms and Conditions 