 Whitepaper Roadmap Team Contact Authenticity Check Connect Wallet English More Authenticity Check Verify social media accounts to learn if they belong to team members en English Connect Wallet Introducing Blockchain to Millions of Users in a Gamified Way We’ve built an entire ecosystem powered by high-end AI/ML and Blockchain solutions combined in an easy-to-use cross-platform mobile application Watch Our Promo Video Download on the App Store GET IT ON Google Play Download Android APK Continue with the Web App Meet MemeFi! Fight till the last one is standing in a unique meme-powered Web3 game made by the IguVerse team. You've got an exclusive chance to become an early adopter, Iguana! Explore Website Watch Teaser Generate Unique NFTs using our AI technologies In the application, you can create NFTs from a photo of your real pet or with the help of Artificial Intelligence Learn More Our Progress in Numbers The IguVerse ecosystem has been rapidly developing since its inception. We'll let the numbers speak for themselves. 400k+ Downloads on the App Store More than 400k people downloaded and reviewed the app on the App Store. The current rating is 4.9 out of 5! Download App 200k+ Downloads on Google Play More than 200k people downloaded and reviewed the app on Google Play. The current rating is 4.8 out of 5! Download App 800k+ Community The Iguana community is growing rapidly. Subscribe to the official social media to become a part of the new emerging social trend! Subscribe To Socials 100k Daily Active Users The user activity in the app continues to reach new highs. The average number of daily active users has exceeded 100k at the moment NFTs Worth $8 Million Sold At this point, more than $8 Million Worth of NFTs have been minted by the IguVerse users. The number is still rising! $50k Donated For Animal Welfare Our users have been active in helping animals by donating a part of their rewards to animal welfare organizations. We've transferred over $50k to fund organizations that are helping animals in need View More Token Utilities &amp; Listings Read the description below and follow the links to buy tokens IGU Token Main Token NFT Mints Ranking up and leveling up NFTs Restoring Unusable NFTs Mystery Boxes Buy $IGU Contract Address: 0x201bC9F242f74C47Bbd898a5DC99cDCD81A21943 IGUP Token Feeding Pets Deflationary by the Token Burn Buy $IGUP Contract Address: 0x522d0F9F3eFF479A5B256BB1C1108F47b8e1A153 IGUP Token Feeding Pets Deflationary by the Token Burn Buy $IGUP Contract Address: 0x522d0F9F3eFF479A5B256BB1C1108F47b8e1A153 IGU Token Main Token NFT Mints Ranking up and leveling up NFTs Restoring Unusable NFTs Mystery Boxes Buy $IGU Contract Address: 0x201bC9F242f74C47Bbd898a5DC99cDCD81A21943 IGUP Token Feeding Pets Deflationary by the Token Burn Buy $IGUP Contract Address: 0x522d0F9F3eFF479A5B256BB1C1108F47b8e1A153 IGU Token Main Token NFT Mints Ranking up and leveling up NFTs Restoring Unusable NFTs Mystery Boxes Buy $IGU Contract Address: 0x201bC9F242f74C47Bbd898a5DC99cDCD81A21943 Socialize to Earn Make Your Pet a Rockstar Monetize your daily online activities by posting content on social media and be a part of a new emerging pet-centric community Play to Earn Compete in a Reaction-based Mini Game Leave the obstacles behind, gain energy and prove that you’re a true champion. The most skilled players will appear at the top of the leaderboard but will need to overcome fierce competition to stay there Move to Earn Physical Activity Pays Off Missed a workout session &amp; found it difficult to be consistent? Here's the solution: your digital pet will keep you fit. Enjoy jogging, running &amp; walking while earning rewards with IguVerse Referral System Invite New Users Invite other users and earn even more with our referral program. See how it all works below Direct Referral - 2% You will get 2% of all rewards earned by the invited users Indirect Referral - 1% You will get 1% of all rewards earned by the users your referees invited We are Featured On These platforms and projects mentioned us &amp; facilitated project launch and development Clash and win in PvP! Outmatch your opponents in new competitive games and earn generous rewards. Playing PvP will increase your rewards from the main tasks! Download on the App Store GET IT ON Google Play Continue with the Web App Our Team A founding team with a vast experience across tech, business and product development who have a strong passion for the mass adoption of Web3 CEO / co-founder Andriy Tkachiv Experienced tech entrepreneur. Forbes 30 under 30 Europe 2019 nomination. Former co-Founder and CTO at CallPage.io. More than 8 years in IT &amp; Crypto CMO / co-founder Alex Kalinkov Head of marketing and management department. 6 years of experience in crypto, started out as a trader. Professional marketing analyst, working with advertisement and PR. Tech advisor Mariusz Beltowski Technical director and advisor. More than 8 years experience in cloud and distributed apps. Connecting Web3 apps with Web2 interfaces Smart contract advisor Bogdan Sinicki Smart contract architect, a developer with more than 6 years of proven track record. Advising and developing smart contracts Game Economist Daniel Paez Monetization &amp; game economy expert. Vast experience in game monetization. Previously worked at Blizzard and Activision. Director of Operations Yurii Kyrylovych Implementation, coordination and management of daily operations. Business procedure analysis. More than 5 years of hands-on experience in crypto and blockchain-related spaces. Chief Strategy Officer Bohdan Zahorodnii Expert in blockchain, game theory and strategy Proven experience in implementing strategic initiatives in a crypto business environment. Lead on key crypto initiatives CEO / co-founder Andriy Tkachiv Experienced tech entrepreneur. Forbes 30 under 30 Europe 2019 nomination. Former co-Founder and CTO at CallPage.io. More than 8 years in IT &amp; Crypto CMO / co-founder Alex Kalinkov Head of marketing and management department. 6 years of experience in crypto, started out as a trader. Professional marketing analyst, working with advertisement and PR. Tech advisor Mariusz Beltowski Technical director and advisor. More than 8 years experience in cloud and distributed apps. Connecting Web3 apps with Web2 interfaces Smart contract advisor Bogdan Sinicki Smart contract architect, a developer with more than 6 years of proven track record. Advising and developing smart contracts Game Economist Daniel Paez Monetization &amp; game economy expert. Vast experience in game monetization. Previously worked at Blizzard and Activision. Director of Operations Yurii Kyrylovych Implementation, coordination and management of daily operations. Business procedure analysis. More than 5 years of hands-on experience in crypto and blockchain-related spaces. Chief Strategy Officer Bohdan Zahorodnii Expert in blockchain, game theory and strategy Proven experience in implementing strategic initiatives in a crypto business environment. Lead on key crypto initiatives CEO / co-founder Andriy Tkachiv Experienced tech entrepreneur. Forbes 30 under 30 Europe 2019 nomination. Former co-Founder and CTO at CallPage.io. More than 8 years in IT &amp; Crypto CMO / co-founder Alex Kalinkov Head of marketing and management department. 6 years of experience in crypto, started out as a trader. Professional marketing analyst, working with advertisement and PR. Tech advisor Mariusz Beltowski Technical director and advisor. More than 8 years experience in cloud and distributed apps. Connecting Web3 apps with Web2 interfaces Smart contract advisor Bogdan Sinicki Smart contract architect, a developer with more than 6 years of proven track record. Advising and developing smart contracts Game Economist Daniel Paez Monetization &amp; game economy expert. Vast experience in game monetization. Previously worked at Blizzard and Activision. Director of Operations Yurii Kyrylovych Implementation, coordination and management of daily operations. Business procedure analysis. More than 5 years of hands-on experience in crypto and blockchain-related spaces. Chief Strategy Officer Bohdan Zahorodnii Expert in blockchain, game theory and strategy Proven experience in implementing strategic initiatives in a crypto business environment. Lead on key crypto initiatives Roadmap Here are our current plans and progress: Q1 2022 Launch Game Concept Establishment Start of the Development Process Team Expansion, 12 experienced IT &amp; Marketing specialists, 3 Advisors with year-long experience in Blockchain projects joined Genesis NFT Collection Launched Backend Microservice for Smart Contract Interaction Scalable Cloud Infrastructure Ready to Use IguVerse is widely recognized among Influencers and Ambassadors Q2 2022 IguVerse Wallet Release Smart Contract Development Free Mint Whitelist Genesis NFT Collection Sold out &amp; 30 Day Top 1 Creator Ranking on Binance NFT Marketplace Reached Internal Playable Alpha Version Whitepaper &amp; Website Reworked AI &amp; ML Models Trained and Tested Q3 2022 Closed Alpha App Testing AI Models Improved Biswap DEX Integration Chainlink Oracle Service Integration Sustainability-motivated Improvements to Tokenomics Full AI &amp; Blockchain Integration Smart Contracts Audit Q4 2022 Testnet Release Open Public Beta Testing Mainnet Release Android App Release on Google Play iOS App Launch in App Store Partnerships with Animal Welfare Organizations &amp; Charity Integration into the App Global Web2-targeted Marketing Campaign IGUP token DEX and CEX listings Q1 2023 Top 1 on the App Store and in Google Play in Target Geos Enter Singaporean, Malaysian, and Indonesian Markets Token Generation Event First PVP Game Release Q2 2023 Internal NFT Marketplace NFT Breeding Release Unique Domain Names Integration Complete Pre-Production for Ad Network and AI Marketplace Leaderboard Update Second PVP Game Release Q3 2023 PVP Game Economy Redesign Wallet Features Expansion Voting-based PvP game More PVP Games Q4 2023 Pet Mods NFT Renting Social Feed Ad Network Public Beta Test Reptile Testnet Launch Early 2024 Advertisers’ Dashboard Ad Network Release Engage with Large Publishers and Companies AI-Powered Marketplace Beta Test AI-Powered Marketplace Release View More Our Partners We've established a number of partnerships with world-class companies and are actively looking into new collaborations. Strategic Partnership IguVerse is entering a long-term partnership with the OKX ecosystem to leverage the power of OKX products and marketing capabilities. Explore on Exchange Stay in Touch Here we post our daily updates and share all the fresh info with our community, so stay tuned not to miss anything Twitter Discord Telegram Instagram Youtube TikTok LinkedIn LinkTree Medium Binance NFT OpenSea Contact Us Twitch Interface Language You can switch the site content to a preferable language English Polski Українська Русский Select Social The IguVerse community is huge, so we have created a lot of social media channels Twitter Discord Telegram Instagram Youtube TikTok LinkedIn LinkTree Medium Binance NFT OpenSea Twitch Select Telegram Chat The IguVerse community is huge, so we have a lot of channels in various social networks. Choose the right one for you Channel English chat Russian chat Ukrainian chat Poland chat Indonesian chat Spanish chat Turkish chat Indian chat French chat Portuguese chat Chinese chat Korean chat Japanese chat Arabic chat Philippines chat Vietnamese chat Bangladesh chat Uzbekistan chat main.meet-reptile.title main.meet-reptile.description main.meet-reptile.btn Contact us Contact us for commercial partnerships or to discuss any other questions Email Name Social Media Link Message Cancel Send Request Thanks For Messaging Us! Back to Home Select Exchange The IGUP token has been listed on top centralized and decentralized exchanges. Buy &amp; trade IGUP here: Biswap Pancake Mexc Qmail Select Exchange The IGU token has been listed on top centralized and decentralized exchanges. Buy &amp; trade IGU here: OKX Kucoin Gate Huobi Mexc Bitget Poloniex Qmall Biswap Pancake IGU has been listed on OKX! The listing on the OKX exchange took place on February 16. Fasten your seatbelts, Iguanas, we're taking off! Day : Hour : Min : Sec Available On IGU has been listed on Kucoin! The listing on the Kucoin exchange took place on February 17. Fasten your seatbelts, Iguanas, we're taking off! Available On Other Listings on 17 Feb, 12:00 UTC Kucoin Gate Huobi Mexc Bitget Poloniex Qmall Biswap Pancake IGU Has Reached The Spaceport! We've travelled millions of lightyears and finally arrived at the destination. IGU is available on the leading exchanges: buy &amp; trade now! OKX Kucoin Gate Huobi Mexc Bitget Poloniex Qmall Biswap Pancake Earn Crypto by Playing Games More than 500,000 users already joined us Download on the App Store GET IT ON Google Play Continue with the Web App Blog E-mail Telegram support Verify © 2023 Copyright: IguVerse. All rights reserved. Community Channel English chat Russian chat Ukrainian chat Poland chat Indonesian chat Spanish chat Turkish chat Indian chat French chat Portuguese chat Chinese chat Korean chat Japanese chat Arabic chat Philippines chat Vietnamese chat Bangladesh chat Uzbekistan chat Languages English Polski Українська Русский © 2023 Copyright: IguVerse. All rights reserved. Essential and Tracking CookiesOur website uses essential cookies to ensure its proper operation and tracking cookies to understand how you interact with itAccept Cookiesundefined<!--