 Games IlluviDex Token Community News Play Now Help Available now! Join the fight for ETH Welcome to the world of Illuvium Get your Beta Code now! A decentralised studio building the world’s first Interoperable Blockchain Game (IBG) universe including an open-world exploration game, industrial city builder, and autobattler, all on the Ethereum blockchain. Join a graphically-rich sci-fi adventure, explore 7 dazzling alien landscapes and conquer the wilderness to uncover the cataclysmic events that shattered Illuvium and help your crash-landed crew flourish! A universe of games Experience the interlinked universe of Illuvium through three games and counting Capture Illuvials, mine resources, harvest exotic plants, and help your crash-landed crew flourish. Illuvium Overworld is our Open World Exploration and creature collector game Registrations Open for Beta Mac Windows Build, upgrade, and manage your digital industrial complex. Extract resources, find biodata and create blueprints in Illuvium Zero, our city-builder game for mobile and desktop. Alpha available for Land Holders Mac Windows Android Curate your best team, and challenge opponents, in Illuvium Arena a PVP Autobattler game — coming soon to PC and Mac. Registrations Open for Beta Mac Windows Compete to collect and craft the most powerful Illuvitars - collectible and customisable art-pieces based on our in-game characters Illuvials. Out Now! Available on IlluviDex Discover Illuvitars Collect Them All Discover, hunt and capture over 150+ Illuvials, deadly beasts who rule this alien world—each possessing powerful abilities and synergies. Train your Illuvials to increase their power and fuse them together to create ascended forms, as you build the perfect Illuvial team. True Ownership for Players Leveraging the power of Blockchain Technology, Illuvium gives you complete ownership over your in-game assets. Every Illuvial you capture, every weapon you forge, every suit you own… all your hard earned assets are stored in one place, your Ethereum wallet. Each asset is verifiable on the Ethereum blockchain, proving your ownership. By giving true custody to the player—versus belonging to the game—you have the power to collect and trade in-game items and collectables in the marketplace at your discretion. Buy, Sell, Trade on the IlluviDex Explore IlluviDex Buy, sell and trade in-game assets on the IlluviDEX, Illuvium’s Marketplace and Information Repository. Enjoy instant peer-to-peer trading &amp; zero gas fees thanks to our integration with ImmutableX Find the latest news! Navigate to the Illuvium News Hub to view all of the latest blog posts, updates, and announcements! September 2023 DAO Governance Newsletter 3/10/2023 governance Aug 2023 DAO Governance Newsletter 29/08/2023 governance June 2023 DAO Governance Newsletter 29/06/2023 Subscribe Subscribe to be the first to know about Illuvium’s development updates, giveaways, events and more! Subscribe Illuvium DAO Illuvium is a decentralised autonomous organisation (DAO) with a global reach, boasting over 150 dedicated contributors and thousands of empowered token holders. Driven by collaboration, our goal is to provide an unparalleled experience to players, and we’re dedicated to making it happen. Meet our Core Contributors Careers Our Partners Staking IlluviDex Whitepaper Immunefi Bug Governance FAQ Contributors Jobs ILV Price - Available on Binance Sushi KuCoin 1inch OKX CoinSpot Coinbase Crypto.com SwissBorg Illuvium © 2023 , All rights reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | GDPR Notice This website uses cookies for functionality, analytics and advertising purposes as described in our Privacy Policy. If you agree to our Terms and our Privacy Policy , please continue to use our site. Accept And Continue Help Center via zendesk Contact Support via zendesk Learn about Wallets Learn about Illuvium Illuvium Whitepaper Illuvium Litepaper Coming soon Illuvium Staking Play Illuvium Beta IlluviDex Store Illuviary Coming Soon Governance Coming Soon Gallery Coming Soon Click to verify Close Refresh More info Visual impairment Back 