 About Us Resources Whitepapers Blog Governance Forum Community Discord Institutions Intermediaries Roadmap App Explore&nbsp;Products Crypto is complex. Our products make it simple. Unlock powerful sector, leverage and yield-earning strategies with our simple tokens. Explore&nbsp;Products $00,000,000 TVL Backed by Our mission is to simplify access to risks and returns in crypto. Meet our most popular index, inverse/leverage and yield products: SECTOR INDEX DPI Leading DeFi Protocols Market Cap Price $0 $0.00 Leverage / Inverse ETH2x-FLI Amplified exposure to ETH Market Cap Price $0 $0.00 Yield icETH Leveraged ETH staking Market Cap Price $0 $0.00 All&nbsp;Products Automated tools to streamline your strategy Our products abstract complex strategies into a single digital asset, saving you time, fees and effort. Sector Our sector indices offer diversification across cryptocurrency sectors. They provide unrestricted 24/7 entry and exit, coupled with time, gas, and tax efficiencies. Leverage / Inverse Our leverage tokens allow traders to access complex trading strategies with automated risk management in a single click. Yield Our yield tokens automate on-chain yield generation strategies. They ensure 24/7 access with minimal transaction costs. We integrate diligent checks on components and offer options for various risk appetites. See More Products  Intermediaries Partner with&nbsp;us We welcome the opportunity to work with intermediaries who share our vision of creating a more accessible and inclusive financial system, and we offer bespoke partnership opportunities to select partners. Learn&nbsp;More Find our products on Testimonials “I’m bullish on projects like Index Co-Op, which makes it simple to create a custom index of tokens using smart contracts.” Ryan Selkis Co-Founder &amp; CEO at Messari “Probably one of the most interesting sleeper projects out there to me is $INDEX / @indexcoop.” Aftab Hossain Blockchain Platform Advisor / Investor “I believe that the DeFi Pulse Index (DPI) will become the benchmark for all of DeFi.” Anthony Sassano Founder of The Daily Gwei “IndexCoop presents a clear solution with their index products, which de-risk investors, are easy to buy/sell, and are low cost, low maintenance, and tax efficient.” Kevin Su Crypto Researcher at Messari “Index is the market leader for on-chain structured products and enables any DeFi user to get complex exposure that would be difficult to manually replicate” Lasse Clausen Founding Partner at 1KX Subscribe to Our Newsletter Join over 6,000 subscribers in receiving weekly updates about our products, DeFi, and the on-chain structured products space. Thank you for subscribing to our "Index Insights" newsletter. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. By signing up you agree to our Privacy Policy you consent to receive marketing communications. You may unsubscribe at any time. Featured Blog Posts Sector Products Introducing the Index Coop Large Cap Index (ic21) powered by 21.co Wrapped Assets The Index Coop is excited to launch the Index Coop Large Cap Index (ic21). The Index Coop September 12, 2023 Sector Products FAQ: The Index Coop Large Cap Index (ic21) In this post, we'll cover frequently asked questions regarding the Index Coop Large Cap Index (ic21). Feel free to reach out to us on Discord with any questions. The Index Coop September 12, 2023 Sector Products Diversifying Beyond BTC and ETH with ic21 The Index Coop September 12, 2023 Products Index Coop Large Cap Index Money Market Index Diversified Staked Ethereum Index Metaverse Index ETH Flexible Leverage Index Interest Compounding ETH Index Defi Pulse Index Resources About Us Intermediaries Institutions Whitepapers Blog Connect With&nbsp;Us     Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Tokens Restricted for Restricted Persons © Copyright Index&nbsp;Coop 2023 Disclaimer: This content is for informational purposes only and is not legal, tax, investment, financial, or other advice. You should not take, or refrain from taking, any action based on any information contained herein, or any other information that we make available at any time, including blog posts, data, articles, links to third-party content, discord content, news feeds, tutorials, tweets, and videos. Before you make any financial, legal, technical, or other decisions, you should seek independent professional advice from a licensed and qualified individual in the area for which such advice would be appropriate. This information is not intended to be comprehensive or address all aspects of Index or its products. There is additional documentation on Index’s website about the functioning of Index Coop, and its ecosystem and community. You shall not purchase or otherwise acquire any of our token products if you are: a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise), green card holder, incorporated in, owned or controlled by a person or entity in, located in, or have a registered office or principal place of business in the U.S. (a “U.S. Person”), or if you are a person in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale, and/or purchase of any of our token products is unlawful, prohibited, or unauthorized (together with U.S. Person, a “Restricted Person”).&nbsp; The term “Restricted Person” includes, but is not limited to, any natural person residing in, or any firm, company, partnership, trust, corporation, entity, government, state or agency of a state, or any other incorporated or unincorporated body or association, association or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality) that is established and/or lawfully existing under the laws of, a jurisdiction in which such offer, sale, and/or purchase of any of our token products is unlawful, prohibited, or unauthorized).&nbsp; You shall not resell or otherwise transfer any of our token products to any Restricted Person. The transfer or resale of any of our token products to any Restricted Person is not permitted. Click here to view the list of Tokens Restricted for Restricted Persons. You shall read the Terms of Service and use our Website in compliance with the Terms of Service. 