 What is IndigoTokenomicsRoadMapTeamPartnersFAQ Cardano DeFi Alliance Indigo PaperTokenizing the real world economyIndigo bridges the real world to the blockchain, giving everybody equal access to financial opportunities.Indigo PaperLaunch App Join us on Discord Your browser does not support the video tag. Equalizing the Playing FieldTwo people can have the same education, do the same work and put in the same effort, yet not have the same development possibilities. One has access to their share of the growth of the global economy, and the other is left with empty pockets. One will be able to save, plan and invest in their future self. The other will work their whole lifetime only to be left with no reward for their hard work.It’s brutal and unfair. Borders have limited human development. Until now.What is Indigo Protocol?Indigo is an autonomous synthetics protocol for on-chain price exposure to real-world assets, built on Cardano.How does Indigo work?Indigo allows anyone to create synthetic assets, known as iAssets. iAssets can be created using currencies such as stablecoins and ADA. They have the same price effect as holding the asset being replicated. This allows you to gain profit from the increase in price of an asset without owning the original asset itself. Watch Video Power of Indigo Protocol What are Synthetic Assets?Synthetic Assets give users exposure to a variety of assets without the need to actually own the underlying asset. These assets can be anything that has value in the real world. With its transparency, efficiency, low barriers to entry, and decentralized traits, the Blockchain can smoothly deliver all these assets to anyone with access to the Internet.Demonstrated below, Bitcoin (BTC) can be minted as a synthetic Bitcoin (iBTC). Learn More Synthetic Assets 101 Indigo Web-App PROTOCOLPrevious This page allows users to stake their INDY to participate in governance voting. The dashboard is the hub for finding valuable information about the Indigo Protocol. This page allows a user to open a collateralized debt position to mint iAssets. This page allows users to manage their collateralized debt position. The stability pool page allows users to deposit/withdraw iAssets from Stability Pools. This page allows users to stake their INDY to participate in governance voting. The dashboard is the hub for finding valuable information about the Indigo Protocol. This page allows a user to open a collateralized debt position to mint iAssets. This page allows users to manage their collateralized debt position. The stability pool page allows users to deposit/withdraw iAssets from Stability Pools. This page allows users to stake their INDY to participate in governance voting. Next12345Below are some of the current functions available.Collateralized Debt Positions (CDP)CDP Liquid StakingStability PoolsLiquidity PoolsStake LP TokensGovernanceStakingPolls Watch our Demo Functional Web-app Demo $INDY Tokenomics TOKENOMICSThe INDY governance token comes from its use in the Indigo DAO voting process. The total supply of INDY will be 35M tokens with a 6 decimal precision. The max supply of INDY will be distributed to protocol users, stakers, and LPs over the course of four years. We believe in a fair distribution of the INDY tokens to the early adopters of the protocol, therefore there will be NO community pre-sale via ICO/ISO/ISPOToken DistributionHow to obtain $INDYStability Pools: We reward INDY to stability providers, who deposit iAssets in preparation for collateral liquidation. This is critical for both system solvency, user experience, and security against liquidity risks.iAsset LP Stakers: We reward INDY to iAsset LP stakers for their commitment to the iAssets LPs, essential to the whole ecosystem’s liquidity. Without them, it’s not easy to do useful things with the minted iAssets.INDY Stakers: We reward INDY to INDY stakers, who stake and participate in the governance processes of the protocol. We need such incentive for more people to hold INDY, which in turn balances our decentralized system. This prevents having a few whales who run the system. THE INDIGO DAO DAOWhat is the Indigo DAO?Indigo is a decentralized community led project. The Indigo DAO owns the Indigo Protocol, including the application, website and all intellectual property. A DAO (decentralized autonomous organization) is like a company, but instead of being incorporated in a country is established in a blockchain.You, the Indigo community, control the decisions for the Indigo DAO. You can cast your votes using the INDY token. A forum has been established to help facilitate community votes. All Indigo community members are encouraged to join the forum to propose, discuss and vote on ideas to guide Indigo’s future direction. Join the Forum OUR ROADMAP ROADMAPQ2 2022Testing and auditing. Private testnet.Q3 2022Partnership development. Vasil upgrades.Q4 2022Product research and development. Mainnet launch.Q1 2023Expanding Indigo iAsset suite, Indigo DEX aggregator, CTL v4 upgrade, transaction optimization, continual UI/UX optimizations and integration with decentralized oracles.Q2 2023Continued launch of new iAssets, launch the distributed Frontend Administrator Module (FAM), notification center, Stability Pool scaling, fee distribution optimization, and development of interoperability solutions.prevnextQ2 2022Testing and auditing. Private testnet.Q3 2022Partnership development. Vasil upgrades.Q4 2022Product research and development. Mainnet launch.Q1 2023Expanding Indigo iAsset suite, Indigo DEX aggregator, CTL v4 upgrade, transaction optimization, continual UI/UX optimizations and integration with decentralized oracles.Q2 2023Continued launch of new iAssets, launch the distributed Frontend Administrator Module (FAM), notification center, Stability Pool scaling, fee distribution optimization, and development of interoperability solutions. Meet The Indigo Team TEAMEvery member of the Indigo team serves a crucial role in further development and management of the protocol, the community, and direction. Hover over each member to learn more about their experience and role in the Indigo team. Eric Coley CEO &amp; Founder Cody Butz CTO Daniel Short Marketing Lead Nate Minton Technical Project Manager Zachary Sluder Front-end Developer Kris Fox Graphic Designer Allyssa Morales Operations James Wagner Channel Manager Advait Rane Financial Quant Advisor Vismay Joshi Financial Quant Advisor Christopher Borders Legal Advisor Jonathan Hsu Product Research INDIGO STRATEGIC ADVISORS ADVISORS Johnny Nguyen Advisor, Open Source INDIGO PARTNERS PARTNERS Founding membersCardano DeFi AllianceThe Cardano DeFi Alliance (CDA) was founded by a group of DeFi developers, infrastructure providers, and Plutus software development organizations. At the core of this foundation was the desire to communicate, educate, and innovate. Through these fundamentals the CDA plans to leverage the Cardano blockchain’s strengths to create a robust, and dynamic DeFi ecosystem. Setting an industry standard for all DeFi to emulate. More About CDA Indigo News NEWS Optimizing the Throughput of Cardano: The Evolution of Indigo Protocol’s Smart Contracts The efficiency of smart contracts plays a pivotal role in determining the overall health and scalability of a network. Within the Cardano... Sep 11, 2023 / Read More June &amp; July Indigo Labs Newsletter Introduction Jul 27, 2023 / Read More Q2 Indigo Labs Newsletter Welcome to the inaugural edition of the Indigo Labs newsletter! This will be the first in a new series of regular updates aimed at keepin... May 18, 2023 / Read More Indigo Protocol Goes Open Source: Unlocking a New Era of Transparency The Indigo Protocol has taken a significant step towards true decentralization by open-sourcing its smart contracts. A recently-released ... Apr 19, 2023 / Read More Part 3: Acquiring iUSD, CDP Liquid Staking, and Real-World Utility: A Stablecoin with Potential… IntroductionIn the previous articles, we discussed iUSD’s triple-peg mechanism and efficient liquidation system, which have contributed t... Apr 06, 2023 / Read More Advancing Stablecoins Part 2: iUSD’s Efficient Liquidation System Ensuring Stability in the Face of… IntroductionIn the first part of this series, we discussed iUSD’s triple-peg mechanism, which ensures its stability even during market tu... Mar 30, 2023 / Read More Advancing Stablecoins Part 1: iUSD’s Triple-Peg Architecture Bolsters DeFi Resilience on Cardano In the world of DeFi, stablecoins play a crucial role in providing a stable medium of exchange and store of value. iUSD, a decentralized ... Mar 23, 2023 / Read More Indigo: CDP Liquid Staking Explained Doubling yield streams with Indigo&nbsp;Protocol Feb 01, 2023 / Read More Indigo Oracles — Present &amp; Future As a decentralized financial tool, the Indigo Protocol relies on data delivered through Oracle services to ensure consistent and accurate... Dec 29, 2022 / Read More Indigo Protocol v1: Summary of MLabs Security Audit Report The content of this summary, as well as the full audit report, should not be construed as financial advice; financial decisions should no... Dec 19, 2022 / Read More Contact Indigo CONTACTAny question? Reach out to us and we’ll get back to you shortly.twitter@Indigo_protocolemailinfo@indigo-labs.ioteleJoin us on Telegramgithub/IndigoProtocolmedium@indigoprotocol1reddit/r/indigoprotocolyoutubeIndigo ProtocolforumGovernance Forum Copyright © 2022, Indigo Laboratories | Privacy Policy All trademarks and copyrights belong to their respective owners. 