 ··· BSC ··· ··· ··· Markets ··· Trade ··· Earn ··· Analytics ··· More ··· ··· Connect Wallet Connect ··· ··· EN USD ··· The leading DeFi protocol &amp; platform to trade, invest, earn and manage your crypto An all-in-one decentralized finance ecosystem built by the people for the people for financial freedom Start trading now Earn from farming Pair Price 24h Change Chart (7d) Trade View more markets Decentralized &amp; non-custodial No registration required Infinity Crypto is a leading decentralized, non-custodial financial hub and exchange platform. Simply connect with your Infinity Wallet or any other compatible wallet and start trading, earning and interacting with the platform securely in seconds. Learn more Trade, Buy &amp; Sell Trade like a pro Exchange decentralized directly between the assets you want without needing to manually navigate multiple trading pairs. Competitive rates at less than 1% spread between buy and sell thanks to a unique AMM exchange model. Smart Order Routing to ensure you get the best price execution across every pair. Low gas fees and near-instant settlement on the blockchain. Start trading now Hold &amp; Earn Earn with liquidity pools Provide tokens to a selection of decentralized liquidity pools to automatically earn from the safety of your own wallet. Flexibly manage your token and pool balances, with support for single and dual token adding and removing of liquidity. Earn a whopping 0.35% of the volume of the pool proportional to your share of the pool. Gain increased yield by providing liquidity to staking pairs, compounding liquidity and staking rewards within the same pool earning more than ever. Start earning now Join the ecosystem Get more with Infinity Wallet The only wallet you need to easily manage, earn, trade and secure your assets. Download now for the ultimate decentralized experience. Download Desktop World-class Trading platform Monitor the market in real-time and execute the trades you want with the tools you need on advanced trading Start trading now Trade Smarter Easily track your trades, earnings and the performance of any pool over time, with advanced charting to help you make the most informed decisions on trades and earnings. Earn more than ever before Access new ways to earn, as well as new trading types such as automated liquidity providing requiring zero trading experience and virtual limit orders coming soon. Take your trading to the next level The easiest decentralized trading experience ever, providing you with powerful tools and options to earn more and take advantage of any market opportunity within a click. Secure Interact with the ultimate decentralized platform from the safety of your wallet. Intuitive A comprehensive user interface making decentralized finance more accessible than ever. Blockchain Bridging Bringing the benefits of decentralized finance to any blockchain through the Infinity Crypto Bridge. Open for all tokens Unrestricted and unstoppable open access to trade securely at any time on the blockchain. Trade anything Add any token on the blockchain to your custom list to create a market pair and start trading. Continuously evolving With new innovative features, blockchain advancements and many future developments. Future Features Coming Soon Further growing this world-class platform with even more innovative and industry leading features &amp; protocols to come. I III V II IV VI I Staking &amp; yield farming pools Track and stake in yield pools or special staking reward distribution pools. II Buy/sell crypto to fiat Easily get started with buying and selling crypto from and to fiat. III Decentralized referral system Invite friends to earn a percentage of their trading fees. IV New trading types Integration of decentralized limit orders, indexes and margin trading, to expand the available trading options. V Decentralized token offerings Allowing new tokens to easily launch in a fully decentralized and secure environment. VI Decentralized Loans Provide liquidity and earn interest, or take out a loan at competitive rates fully decentralized. English (US) Products Products InfinityCrypto Infinity Wallet Shard Coin Services Services Swap Advanced Trading Liquidity Pool Staking &amp; Farming Analytics Analytics Markets Overall Pools Coins More More Bridge Token Whitelisting Documentation Github Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2023 InfinityCrypto.com All Rights Reserved Sun, 08 Oct 2023 02:03:41 GMT 24h Volume $0 Connect Wallet Products Markets Trade Earn Analytics More EN USD Connect with Infinity Wallet An all-in-one DeFi multi-currency wallet for all your needs! Available on: Windows Linux Mac Download Now 