 Docs Status Dashboard Mainnet Connect Open main menu Instadapp Lite The Best DeFi Yields In 1-Click stETH Locked/Minted $308,942,525 $0.00 $0.00 $ 8 0 Connect Wallet Est. Yearly Yield $3,035,757 new 0 ETH $0.00 v2 Net Apy 4.55% Earnings 0 ETH $0.0 Start Earning 0 ETH $0.00 Net Apy 3.60% Earnings 0 ETH $0.0 Start Earning deprecated 0 USDC $0.00 Net Apy 4.99% Earnings 0 USDC $0.0 Start Earning deprecated 0 WBTC $0.00 Net Apy 0.29% Earnings 0 WBTC $0.0 Start Earning deprecated 0 DAI $0.00 Net Apy 2.64% Earnings 0 DAI $0.0 Start Earning Are you a Defi degen? Try our advance DApp Support for AAVE, Uniswap, MakerDAO, Compound and much more Advanced DeFi Strategies Cross Protocol Refinancing Non-Custodial Smart Wallet Support Discord Docs Twitter Linktree Stay in sync with new strategies! Right in your inbox with juicy returns Submit FAQs What is Instadapp Lite? Instadapp Lite is the easiest way to deposit to earn interest on some of the most popular DeFi assets on the market. Simply deposit funds into your desired Strategy Vault and thats it! Instadapp Lite maximizes your gains by reducing the number of transactions, saving on gas, automates fee collection, and simplifies the overall process of setting up and actively monitoring a DeFi strategy. What is a DeFi Strategy? The most common example would be Yield Farming. When DeFi users yield farm they utilize their assets on defi protocols to maximize yield. The DeFi strategy is the steps, process and method for maximizing the yields from this process. This can involve a series on chain transactions such as swaps, migrating funds, leveraging protocols, claiming staking rewards and other market related activity. What is a Strategy Vault? A Strategy Vault is an Instadapp powered smart contract with one goal: to execute DeFi Strategies and earn yield! Using a variety of popular protocols savvy DeFi users can earn interest on their assets through interest, yield farming, or other novel ways to earn yield! Instadapp Lite makes it easy for anyone to deposit and earn on DeFi strategies without having to do the work. More Success! Less Stress! Whats the difference between Instadapp Lite and standard Instadapp? Instadapp is our full featured DApp that enables complex and advanced DeFi functionality. Instadapp users are able to execute DeFi strategies and other management functions. Instadapp Lite simplifies the process of accessing these yields by making them accessible through simple to use Vaults. Do I need a DeFi Smart Account to use Instadapp Lite? You do not need a DeFi Smart Account to use Instadapp Lite! Can I use my DeFi Smart Account on Instadapp Lite? Yes you can! Sign into Lite with the account that controls your DSA. Then click the account again to see the connected wallets associated DeFi Smart Accounts. Is there a fee to use Instadapp Lite? Yes, we charge a 20% performance fee on vaults. There is also a 0.05% exit fee to prevent spamming. Are there risks with using Instadapp Lite? At this time Instadapp Lite will feature strategies that are low risk and can give users reasonable and predictable yields. There is always risk when utilizing smart contracts. Please view all DeFi investing as risky, see our Risks page for more information. I have another question not listed here Can't find the answer to your question? Check out the documentation or feel free to reach out to us on Discord or Twitter . ©Instadapp Protocol Dashboard Documentation Articles Interop Terminal Assembly Bug Bounty Codex Social Twitter Discord Github Email Brand Company Careers Privacy Terms Cookie CCPA Governance Forum Atlas Snapshot 