 This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked. Accept Decline Rebase is a Medium Rare template, for more great templates visit mediumrare.shop About Us Pages Home Pricing CMS Contact Company Account Template Style Guide Getting Started Changelog Licenses More Templates Launch App Search Trade Live 24/7 Enriching energy markets Track prices, verify generators, buy &amp; sell EACs with certainty Verify generator info, compare prices and buy &amp; trade any volume. See Live Price Talk to our trading desk Trade Live 24/7 Enriching energy markets Track prices, verify generators, buy &amp; sell EACs with certainty Verify generator info, compare prices and buy &amp; trade any volume. Talk to our trading desk Learn More Our energy compact Powered on-grid, programmed on-chain Launch App Use Cases Accessible markets for everyone Learn how people like you are using Jasmine. For Developers Program clean energy into your smart contracts, build with Jasmine to support renewable energy markets and partner with us to accelerate grid decarbonization. Read Docs For Credit Suppliers Upgrade your portfolio with always-on fair prices. Auto-sell EACs at a posted market price. Never need to call your broker ever again. Sign Up For Climate Actors Choose high impact and ensure accurate carbon accounting - rely on our trusted Green-E, current vintage, solar, and wind RECs to support your sustainability objectives with certainty. Sign Up For Traders Grow market share, track price movements, implement robust risk management strategies, and trade efficiently with faster settlement and automatic retirement. Launch App You asked, we delivered. EAC&nbsp;trading the way you want it: Streamline Due Diligence All generators are CRS listed with available generator data EACs as Collateral A win-win solution for financing and sustainability Maximize Earnings Turn EACs into a High-Yielding Asset Be In The Know The latest live energy prices Accelerate Cash Flow 9-Second Settlement Simplified Retirement Process Easily retire EACs with just one click Energy Industry Perspective “Jasmine Energy streamlined the REC procurement making it easier and more efficient for me to buy &amp; retire renewable energy certificates for my clients.” Sustainability Consultant SABIC, Subsidiary of Saudi Aramco Regulators Perspective “Jasmine Energy's innovative technology exemplifies the powerful synergy between renewable portfolio standards and markets in combating climate change.” Winona French U.S.&nbsp;Department of Energy Generator Perspective “Jasmine Energy is the only platform that empowers ESG and finance teams to make informed decisions together, their transparency gives us confidence to retire with them.” Winona French Crusoe Energy Generator Perspective “Thanks to the experts at Jasmine, navigating the complex REC market became hassle-free, allowing us to focus on our core operations.” Winona French Aspen Creek Residential Perspective “I only trust Jasmine. I just had solar installed and didn’t know where to find my RECs. Jasmine got on the phone to help get me set-up to sell. They’re the only one who tried to help me!” Winona French Residential Solar Owner, NJ Guided Tour Get a guided tour of the future. Schedule a demo with one of our founders. Schedule a Demo Schedule a Demo Common Questions What is an Energy Attribute Certificate? An Energy Attribute Certificate (EAC) is a tradeable asset that carries the social and environmental attributes of electrical energy. Electricity grids can measure the amount of energy that generators put on to a grid and the amount that consumers take off; however it cannot measure the ‘attributes’ of that energy. EACs exist to track those attributes, who generates them, and who consumes them.&nbsp; Read more of the EPA. How are Energy Attribute Certificates made? In most countries, whenever a generator (solar farm, wind turbine, etc) generates a MWh of electrical energy it is entitled to a REC issued by their grid operator.&nbsp; How are Energy Attribute Certificates used? EACs are used by state/federal regulators to monitor compliance with Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) mandates. They are also used by companies to back consumer-facing and investor-facing environmental claims. What is an Renewable Energy Certificate? In the US, Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) are most often referred to as Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs). Read more from the EPA. Are EACs securities?&nbsp; No. In the US, Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) are regulated as “non-financial commodities.” See this journal article or this non-profit report for a more in-depth analysis. Can anyone buy/sell/own EACs? Yes. Anyone who generates renewable electricity (including with rooftop solar) can generate and sell EACs. Anyone can also buy and retire EACs for their personal energy consumption. Not Legal, Tax, or Investment Advice. We are not providing legal, tax, or investment advice to any individual viewing the content of the Websites. The content on the Websites is not intended and should not be construed as legal, tax, or investment advice. Product Launch App Read Docs Company About Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Connect made with 🧠, 💡, and 🔋 in Washington, DC. 