 KNOT:&nbsp; $ - 24h:&nbsp; - % Buy KNOT &nbsp; SERUM:&nbsp; $ - 24h:&nbsp; - % Buy SERUM &nbsp; APY/Last 30 Days &nbsp; 790.83% Marketplace staking Games Hall of Heroes more Play Now login Karmaverse Zombie is now available Buy KNOT Buy SERUM The Karmaverse of all Games The KARMAVERSE is a metaverse containing the game worlds of all the games we have produced so far, and includes toolboxes for the community to build similar games on our platform. Players - known as Karmanauts - can use NFTs to transfer assets between games or sell them to other players. KARMAVERSE NFTS Our game worlds are all part of the same shared multiverse. Some NFTs may be used across multiple games in the network, and the characters the NFTs represent will journey with the player through the Karmaverse. Avatar NFT Player Avatars are a public NFT within the KARMAVERSE. They can be used in any game, or any in-game universe, with players able to freely create, edit, and trade avatars. Tokens Tokens can be used and traded across the entire KARMAVERSE, and all in-game resources and transactions can be conducted with this NFT. 8.88 Marketplace Our NFTs and Tokens can be traded between players in a unified market that connects the entire Karmaverse. The marketplace allows you to sell, auction, and buy NFTs and Tokens from other players, including tokens with limited availability that cannot be generated over time. Our Games Civilizations Cyberpunk Space Exploration The Far East Karmaverse Zombie Old West World Fantasy Civilizations Cyberpunk Space Exploration The Far East Karmaverse Zombie Old West World Fantasy Civilizations Karmaverse Zombie After the spread of a virus intended to nearly eradicate humanity, zombies and mutants have spread across the Earth. Surviving humans have trained themselves to become fighters, banding together for survival in shelters and working to gradually eliminate the zombie threat. See more Roadmap 2022 Q1 2022 Done Karmaverse Zombie's closed beta test NFT Public Sales Karmaverse Zombie's open beta test $1 million IDO Token listing (Gate.io, Bitget, and Quickswap) Q2 2022 Done Karmaverse Zombie's official launch Web marketplace Multi-languages Q3 2022 Done in-app marketplace in-app wallet Alliance battles Q4 2022 Done Equipment system Karmaverse Staking Partners Contact Us contact@karmaverse.io Karmaverse Tokenomics Knot Whitepaper Congress Marketplace Bounty FAQ Privacy policy Games Karmaverse Zombie Social Copyright © 2021-2022 Karmaverse. All rights reserved . 