 The Story Roadmap Artist Team Gallery License Play Cyber Run The Story Roadmap Artist Team Gallery License Play Cyber Run welcome to killer gf Killer GF is a 7,777 generative portrait art collection by a former Riot Games Artist, Zeronis, with over 240 meticulously designed features that contrasts cute and aesthetically appealing girlfriends that also happen to be dangerous assassins. View on OpenSea the story Cerise is a woman of many faces. Yet by spy networks and online sleuths, she is known only as the Killer GF assassin— the uncatchable killer who has no true face. The secret to her success lies in one supernatural gift. Wielding the Mirror of Narcissus, she holds at her fingertips the ability to reform her appearance into any disguises and powers using this dark artifact. This mirror, which consumes both the life essences and appearance of her kills, was a gift from the Crimson God himself. A heirloom of sorts for his favorite dearly beloved killer to better serve him by carrying out the critical assassinations that bring down societies, religions, and supernatural entities. Gods, even with their gifts, can be cruel with jests that transcend across the multiverse… Knowing little of the trick inlaid within the Mirror, Cerise used it once more. But this one, being the 7,777th time, triggered a breakage of dimensions within the mirror, pulling forth 7,777 versions of Cerise herself out into the same dimension, wearing what appears to be every disguise she has ever worn in the past for her kills. Now that is a lot of deadly assassins in one room. But get this, each being sentient and believing that she is the real Cerise, they agree the only way to determine the one true Cerise would be to participate in a game. A deadly set of challenges within the metaverse where by playing and winning hearts, the Cerises compete against each other using daring and cunning tactics with only one coming out of it alive by the end. They say the biggest enemy standing in your way is yourself, but did they mean all 7,777? roadmap Art Airdrops &amp; Holder Rewards Monthly KGF Stamp art airdrops to all Killer GF holders - KILLED IT! ONGOING KGF Stamps are non-transferable, and can be used to detect past, current, and diamond-handed holders Zeronis Legacy 1/1 Art airdrops for long-term holders - KILLED IT! ONGOING Other exclusive benefits and airdrops for holders - EXPLORING KGF CHARITY Auctions Monthly collab charity auctions on Foundation with guest artists 17+ eth donated from guest artist auctions so far - KILLED IT! Active KGF holders receive a KGF CHARITY stamp gift drawn by the guest artist - KILLED IT! ONGOING KILLER MERCH High quality merchandise exclusively for Killer GF holders Merch always made available to all KGF Holders all over the world First IRL Airdrop: KGF PILLOWS - KILLED IT! Hoodies, shirts, and more - KILLED IT! 1st Drop Complete! Future IRL Airdrops and Merch - EXPLORING Metaverse Killer GFs WorldwideWebb3 Metaverse integration for every KGF - LIVE IN WWWB Additional WorldwideWebb3 Integrations - EXPLORING Integration into other Metaverses - EXPLORING KILLER GF GAME Killer GF: Cyber Run - KILLED IT! CHECK IT OUT! Lots more to do, but being researched - EXPLORING Future Story of Killer GF + ZEROVERSE Future expansions of the Killer GF Story and World envisioned by Zeronis! Monthly Charity Auctions Every month on the Killer GF Foundation account, we feature a guest artist who draws their own original Killer GF! KGF Holders can also claim a free gift NFT from the guest artist during their auction! The 1/1s are auctioned on Foundation with the proceeds going to the following split: - 33% to KGF Team - 33% to the Artist - 33% to Charity (Artists pick!) Laur Laur is the co-founder and artist for uwucrew. She has been a pioneer in the Anime NFT space and has inspired new Anime projects like Killer GF to grow. Her focus on community and positivity has made uwucrew what it is today. A prominent collector in her own right, she has grown her collection by supporting many smaller creators. Benangbaja Benangbaja is a visual artist based in Makassar, Indonesia. They have been an active artist since 2011. Oftentimes their work is about daily life and internet culture. The use of firm lines and bright colors has become a distinctive feature in their work. Outside of art they also have a wife and a son. Yueko Yueko is an illustrator from New Zealand known for their Asian inspired art, often referencing anime. She embraces a strong, elegant style with soft, regal undertones and powerful feminine figures. Cirilla Cirilla Lin is a Freelance illustrator from Taiwan. They have been drawing for over 4 years and are known for drawing figures and scenery. They are prominent on Twitter amassing a following of over 200,000 fans. Robek Robek is also one of the largest anime art collectors in the NFT space. He has created art for Curio Cards in 2017 and co-founded weeb3dao. Check out his blog posts! 0010 0010 is an illustrator with a psychedelic and Anime influence trying to explore matters of the intangible. An NFT veteran since Curio Cards, 0010 has developed an iconic style that has reached the hands of many notable collectors. Naoki Saito Naoki Saito is a Japanese Illustrator best known for his work as a certified Pokémon Card Illustrator. His career history is incredibly impressive, on top of several years of Pokémon work, his career also includes work for Dragolia Lost and Hatsune Miku. Sashimi Sashimi is a Japanese Illustrator who is known for her cute and vibrant style, she is a community favorite among uwucrew, Anifam NFT, and other large anime art NFT communities! Seekgoliath Seekgoliath is an artist from South East Asia who we selected as a guest artist for KGF CHARITY as a reward for winning the Derivative Art Contest! Their charity of choice was the Animal Impact Fund, an index fund provided by The Giving Block consisting of dozens of nonprofits that all protect, foster, and rehabilitate animals. Anri Okita Anri Okita (Japanese: 沖田杏梨), an English-born Japanese actress, singer, and spiritual NFT artist! Her charity of choice was the Disasters &amp; Conflict Impact Fund, an index fund provided by The Giving Block consisting of several nonprofits that all strive to improve the health and lives of people affected by emergencies such as disasters, poverty, and deadly conflict. Artist Zeronis is a concept artist, father to three cats, content creator, NFT artist, and an avid gamer. A former senior concept artist at Riot Games for over 10 years, as well as a designer of many of the popular champions including Ahri, Gwen, and Vi. He also designed many successful skins such as Star Guardian, K/DA, and more. He is a prominent NFT artist with a myriad of anime inspired work on Foundation and is always looking for ways to share his characters and stories in this space. He is striving to create the best Waifu Web3 collecting game on the market. Inspiration "The inspiration for the project came from the combination of my love for creating badass and sexy female characters while also bringing a bit of the yandere flair to the mix. The project is also a special collaboration with uwu Labs, the team that created uwucrew." - Zeronis, artist of Killer GF team Killer GF was created in collaboration with uwu Labs, the team behind uwucrew - an anime-inspired NFT community with a focus on supporting artists! The Killer GF Team is extremely proud to be building the vision of Killer GF and supporting the community! We are all excited to see Killer GF grow together! Kiwi - Co-Founder and Developer Co-Founder of uwucrew. Designed the Killer GF NFT collection, responsible for leading the team and all technical needs. Swag - Community Manager Loves making our community and holders excited, always looking for what we can provide to our community.. FatDoinks - Head of Marketing Helps the team strategize and deliver with intention. Brings on Killer ideas for marketing! upsidan - Project Manager Kiwi's #1 fan. As project manager he makes sure everyone is doing their job and that we are fulfilling expectations. Desto - Partnerships Manager Responsible for our relationships and collaborations with other projects. BitchinBruja - Social Media Assistant Bruja helps us maintain our presence at IRL events and helps us run our social media. Chase Manning - Developer Website developer for Killer GF. Working to make sure everything is looking Killer online. Morello - Advisor Essential team member from uwucrew. He assists wherever needed. follow us 