 Theme SETTING - Buy Connect Wallet Home Aggregator Policy Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms Audited by Farm V2 All vaults auto-compound at an optimal rate. Total Value Locked Loading... Your Deposit: Loading... Your KSW Wallet Balance Loading... Loading... KillSwitch Tokens Detail KSW earned: Loading... Loading... Claim all Network: BSC KCC Aurora BKC New CLV New Polygon Platform All ​ Vault type All ​ Asset ​ Sort by Default ​ Clear Filter Hide 0 Balances Your Deposited Boost 🔥 New ✨ TP/SL 📋 Hide EOL Clear Filter Pool KSW Earned Pending to compound Your Deposited TVL APY KSW APR No Results KillSwitch uses cookies on our website for better user experience. Learn more Customize Disable all Allow all WalletConnect Scan with WalletConnect to connect Coinbase Connect to your Coinbase Wallet Trust Wallet Connect with Trust Wallet CLV Wallet An open-source multi currency wallet Acknowledge terms While we have taken precautionary measures to protect our users, it is imperative that you read, understand and agree to the disclaimer below: You hereby agree, represent and warrant that: You are responsible for the payment of federal, state and or local taxes in connection with the usage of Killswitch’s services to the appropriate tax authorities and you shall be registered to collect, report, remit taxes in those jurisdictions in which you are required to do so. You will defend and indemnify Killswitch hold harmless for any tax liability, and any associated penalties and interests incurred from using Killswitch’s services and website. You acknowledge that Killswitch shall be entitled to withhold, or charge you with, all taxes and other compulsory payments as required under applicable tax law with respect to all payments, capital gains, benefits and/or other compensation paid to you in connection with the usage of Killswitch’s services. Using our platform may involve financial risk of loss. Never invest more than what you can afford to lose. Never invest in a pools with tokens you don't trust Never invest in a pools with tokens whose rules for minting you don't agree with Ensure the accuracy of the contracts for the tokens in the killswitch platform. Always do your own research! and Happy Investment :) By checking this box, you agree that killswitch finance is not liable for any financial losses you might incur as a direct or indirect result of investing in any of the pools in the platform. Don't show this message again Decline I agree 