 About Team FAQ KOD Media Kingdom Handbook Lore Staking PropQuest Merch (Soon) 3D Game (Soon) Blog Docs Revolutionizing How We Enjoy sports Knights of Degen is a web3 sports gaming studio building RPG fantasy sports powered by an economy of NFT and token rewards. By harnessing the power of on-chain asset ownership, we win together. Learn More #PROPQUEST Play PropQuest Together Anytime, Anywhere PropQuest is the mobile gaming experience that's available worldwide, free to play, and takes your live sports watching to a whole new level. Our simplified game model makes competing a breeze. Learn More #BET2EARN Get paid for your bets, win or lose, with bet2Earn Our cutting-edge platform is set to revolutionize the way you bet with features like automatic bet syncing, personalized analytics, and smarter recommendations. You'll be able to make more informed decisions, increase your earnings and take your betting game to the next level. #DEGEN-BRACKETS On-Chain Seasonal Tournament Pools, With degen Brackets Create your brackets and seed the participating teams for your chance to take home the crown and the pool prize. Degen brackets is available during your favourite seasonal tournaments. Stake your NFTs and earn rewards Get ready to take your NFT experience to the next level with our exclusive staking program! By participating, not only will you earn rewards, but you'll also receive your very own Degen Quarters NFT at the end of the 60-day staking period. Our cutting-edge 3D spaces are fully customizable, providing you with the ultimate space to showcase your unique style and make it truly your own. Learn More Stake My NFTs Knights Each Knight is unique and programmatically generated from over 188 traits. Knights come in 3 forms: Humans, Robots and Aliens. Knights are stored as ERC-721 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain and hosted on IPFS. Ownership of a Knight NFT gives full commercial rights to that character. Opensea Steedz All Steedz are unique and programmatically generated from over 435 traits. Steedz will arrive in Stablez, with some Stablez having heightened tiers: Better = Elite, or Best = Legendary. Steedz are stored as ERC-721 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain and hosted on IPFS. Ownership of a Steedz NFT gives full commercial rights to that character. Opensea Goblets Goblets are custom NFTs issued to the winners of the tournament series hosted by the King and Queen, the Tournament of Champions. The characters of the Kingdom love to compete and win together. If a major sports or cultural event is happening, a tournament is likely to run and be celebrated. Winners are rewarded with Goblets. Opensea $DGEN token The official governance token of the Degen DAO, DGEN has arrived. Participate in Knights of Degen games, vote, create proposals, join a committee and make your mark in the web3 sports &amp; entertainment world. Learn More How we Started KOD launched in September 2021 as an NFT project founded by a rabid community of Web3 sports fans 5,000+ Discord Members 13,500 Twitter Followers 100+ Comittee Members 2,900 Unique NFT Holders See All Jared Augustine Co-Founder Drew Austin Co-Founder Jake Craven Head of Product Matt Groff Head of Marketing Kate Herbert Creative Director Pat Newell Lead Product Engineer Clay Sutton Co-Founder Joe Grabowski Head of People See All Knights of Degen is a community building a sports and entertainment kingdom in the metaverse. About Team FAQ KOD Media Kingdom Handbook Lore Staking PropQuest Merch (Soon) 3D Game (soon) Other Blog Docs Terms And Conditions Mobile App App Store Google Play © 2023 Knights of Degen. All rights reserved. 