 Connect To Wallet×Cloud WalletUse WAX cloud to access wallet.Wombat (Scatter Protocol)Use Wombat Desktop, iOS &amp; Android to access wallet.AnchorUse Anchor Desktop or Mobile to access wallet.ScatterUse Scatter Chrome or Desktop to access wallet.Mobile wallets:Next, please enter your username× ContinueGo Back Breed Pixel Creatures, Play Classic &amp; Extra Adventures, Collect Art NFTs LOG IN K2 PACKS What is Kolobok Adventures K2K2 it's an innovative blockchain NFT GameFi, the main plot based on the Eastern European fairy tale «Kolobok». Every Kolobok is a unique NFT creature, generated on the WAX-blockchain and owned by the player. Breed unique Koloboks, play adventures, win, trade, collect NFTs and interact with the community. The K2 version is presented exclusively on WAX. Play to earn KBUCKS and win NFT-prizes!read guidecreate wax walletLOG IN TO OLD DESIGN New Gameplay in K2 We want Kolobok K2 to be a better and easier for our community and for new potential players. Take a look at our latest features and join us. New Adventure — Unicorn The first extra adventure is launched! Koloboks can win Legendary NFT prizes or die according to their places in the Beauty Contest. If Kolobok survives, it will receive a Narwhal tusk on one of 4 frames: ☀️day, 🌙 night, ❤️ life and 💀death. PLAY NOW! New Feature — Anvils The Anvil it's a tool that players can use to power up prizes into one NFT and set up arenas for brawls. Players can use their own anvils or rented ones, staked by other players in the smithy. Find your anvil in K2 Packs and wait for the full functionality in K2. FIND IN PACKS! New Game — Brawls Send your kolobok gang to brawls to compete with a friend, or invite your community to play in your area to profit from the use! The arena owner will be able to customize it at will. Find an Arena License in K2 packs today to create your own arena later! FIND IN PACKS!The Most Beautiful Kolobok✨ Pure visual beauty based on the results of the Totally Fair Beauty Contest 😍Top Players Player Born Alive points Total prizes points KBUCKS Total Born Adventures won SHOW ALL TOP-20K2 Packs Kolobok Adventure K2 Packs — the incredible mix of Collectible, Playable, Redeemable, and Gear NFTs. Collect them all! Stake and profit from Playable NFTs. Exchange Redeemable NFTs to KBUCKS. Get a discount with Kolobok Gear NFTs. ABOUTBUYFriends and Partners Kolobok game is not responsible for the actions or opinions of our partners and friends. Any project that uses kolobok assets can potentially become a partner of the game. Follow Our News Subscribe to our newsletter to keep up to date with the latest updates SUBSCRIBE JOIN OUR COMMUNITY DAPPRADARTELEGRAMTWITTERDISCORDINSTAGRAMFACEBOOKMEDIUMEMAILGITHUB © 2019-2023 CryptoLions. All rights reserved Disclaimer. Kolobok is a blockchain NFT game built using SimpleAssets Standard (except for K2 packs minted using AtomicAssets). In-game assets and tokens are not financial assets, just as the game is not a financial instrument. The game is delivered as-is; developers are not responsible for direct or indirect losses, though we care a lot about our users and do our best to create a great experience. The game and developers do not have access to users' assets in users' wallets. All actions are signed by users using their wallets. Refunds and compensations are not provided. For all purchases of in-game assets made on the kolobok.io or on third-party websites, the users are responsible on their own, as well as for compliance with the laws of their country of residence and/or citizenship. Persons under the age of 18 can play this game only with the consent of their legal guardians and from their accounts. However, the account holder is responsible for everything done with that account. 