 This website uses cookies to enhance the user experience. I understand Please always double check that the site is https://kommunitas.net - bookmark it to be safe Kommunitas Docs FAQ Calendar Crosschain Swap Account Earn Staking Launchpad Play Blog Contact Us Kommunitas Docs FAQ Calendar Crosschain Swap Account Earn Staking Launchpad Play Blog Contact Us Website Sitemap Introduction Calculate your $KOMvestment How KOM is better than others? Events Roadmap Kommunitas Incubator Fund - Best Polygon Launchpad Invest in $KOM Token Price Exchange KomNPlay Partnerships Community Partners As seen on Award &amp; Recognitions Which language do you speak? What do they say about us Some of us who make this happen Are you ready to 2x your investment in no time? Web 3.0 Blockchain Crowdfunding Ecosystem Kommunitas Kommunitas is a decentralized crowdfunding ecosystem for web3.0 projects. Some might refer to it as a "launchpad" or "IDO Platform" but Kommunitas is aiming to build not only a platform, but more to an ecosystem. Featured Projects' ATH TryHards 71.50x The Kill Box 53.83x iStep 35.30x The Monopolist 25.43x Outer Ring MMO 22.93x SolChicks 16.00x Cherry Network 14.11x Affyn 13.17x DoragonLand 10.51x CryptoVsZombie 10.16x KOM Matic Mainnet Add MATIC Add KOM (MATIC) Add KOMV (MATIC) 0xC004e2318722EA2b15499D6375905d75Ee5390B8 KOM Arbitrum One Add ARBITRUM Add KOM (ARB) Add KOMV (ARB) 0xA58663FAEF461761e44066ea26c1FCddF2927B80 Calculate your $KOMvestment How Much KOM? You will need $300.645 Enter days to be staked 30 days 60 days 90 days 180 days 365 days 730 days You will earn 1,232.877 KOM Get a guaranteed allocation in all sales while earning KOM rewards by staking your KOM at https://staking.kommunitas.net/ If you Vote and Participate in KOM Web3.0 Crowdfunding platform, You will be eligible to purchase approximately $125 in Private Round Sale (assuming total raise = $50,000) You will be eligible to purchase approximately $250 in Public Round Sale (assuming total raise = $100,000) *Private Sale is only for those who stake minimum 500,000 KOM and Private Partners will enjoy a 30% Revenue Sharing from all sales. If you stake for 730 days , you will be eligible to get free tokens airdrop from projects . How KOM is better than other crowdfunding platforms? &nbsp; Kommunitas Features: Web 3.0 Crowdfunding Platform Built on Polygon (MATIC) Our native token is built on the Polygon Network. But we are open to raising funds for Web3.0 projects from any blockchain network, further enhancing the inclusivity of our crowdfunding ecosystem. Tier-less System Kommunitas has disrupted the concept of tiers by making everyone eligible for a proportional guaranteed allocation, regardless of how few or how many KOM tokens they hold. Priority Projects Selection Kommunitas aims to bring high-quality Web 3.0 Polygon projects that can follow our criterion. Read more Events Roadmap Q1 2021 Build Team Feasibility Study First Line of Coding Design Tokenomic and Whitepaper Q2 2021 Launch Kommunitas Website Private Sale Public Sale Smart Contract Security Audit Q3 2021 Collaborate with other Projects List KOM on Centralized Exchanges List KOM on Decentralized Exchanges List KOM on CMC and CG Staking Platform IDO Platform Q4 2021 Redesign Website Build a Bridge to BSC Form 100 partnership (KOLs, CP, VC) Q1 2022 Redesign Launchpad Redesign Website Activate Governance Function Integrate Calendar to Website​ Q2 2022 Conduct INO (Initial NFT Offering) Revenue Sharing KOM Mini Games Platform (KomNPlay) Q3 2022 Cross Chain Payment by LayerZero KOM Newsletter Q4 2022 Staking V3 Account Management Platform Q1 2023 Develop Earn Page Develop Staking as a Service Q2 2023 Support Arbitrum Ecosystem Re-design Launchpad Q3 2023 Utilize Web-3 Campaign Platform Develop Secure IKO Q4 2023 Develop Fair Launch Develop Permissionless Launchpad Kommunitas Incubator Fund - Best Polygon Launchpad As a leading Web 3.0 crowdfunding ecosystem, our goal is to allow project teams to focus on developing and building their idea and product, while our team handles the marketing, exposure and acquiring the initial user base. Our Incubator Fund has successfully raised over $2 Million dollars from its Private Partners and we are looking to invest in strong teams with a unique and innovative vision in the cryptosphere, especially those in the field of Gaming, NFT, Metaverse, and DeFi with Unique Selling Points. Kommunitas welcomes any Web 3.0 projects of any fund-raising stage, from seed round to public round. Apply now! Apply now! Read more Portfolio Invest in $KOM Investing in cryptocurrency is all about Timing and Demand behind the project. Everybody dreams of turning time back to the 2010s and investing in Bitcoin before it broke a Dollar. Kommunitas is committed to integrate more functionality in our token, thus increasing the demand for our token. Holding $KOM will be like having the opportunity to buy bitcoin in its early days, as we shape the future of Web 3.0. Community Driven Being a community-oriented launchpad, we are always happy to receive and listen to feedback and suggestions from our community. We also recognize and reward the best feedback given every month, so we highly encourage you to give us any feedback and suggestions. Give suggestion Staking &amp; Farming Rewards $KOM holders will be able to earn interest yield by staking their $KOM over on our Staking Portal or with one of our partner projects. The amount of $KOM staked on our Staking Portal will also be used to calculate guaranteed allocation, thus it serves two purposes at the same time. Guaranteed Allocation Kommunitas offers a tier-less system. Every $KOM token staked will be counted and calculated to your allocation. This also means that everyone, regardless of how little $KOM they hold, will get guaranteed allocation for newly-launched projects, proportional to how much $KOM they have. Revenue Sharing 30% of the fees collected from our FCFS and Community Rounds will be pooled into the Private Partners Treasury Wallet. The funds (in USDC) collected will then be shared amongst our Private Partners (Wallets with more than 500K KOM staked) at the end of each quarter. Read More 0.00060129 USD Price 20K+ Holders 1,621,232,511 KOM Circulating Supply 974,831 USD Market Cap Exchange Don’t feel like investing in Web 3.0 Projects? How about having fun with Captain KOM and earn some KOM? Partnerships Kommunitas is Open to Partnerships with all entities in the Cryptosphere! Be it Crypto Projects, Advisors, Other Launchpads, Capital Funds, Private Funds, Auditors, Centralized Exchanges and Decentralized Exchanges, we invite you to explore collaboration opportunities with us. Together, we can unlock the full potential of Web 3.0 crowdfunding. Don't miss out on this opportunity and consider applying now! Apply now! Community Partners Kommunitas is also on the lookout for partnerships with regional communities revolving around Cryptocurrency. If you are a crypto community’s telegram group owner with over 2,000 active members, do consider joining us as an Official KOM Community Partner. Apply now! As seen on Awards &amp; Recognitions in the Web 3.0 Field Kommunitas is honoured to be featured on Polygonians list of Top Polygon Projects by LunarCrush Galaxy Score Polygonians' list of Top Gainers in their Polygon Ecosystem in the past 7 days Featured on Alfacast's list of Top 10 Most Popular IDO Platforms Won Best Crypto Launchpad in Crypto Expo Asia, Singapore Highest Social Engagement among 10 active projects on Polygon Featured as the Top Launchpad by average ATH for May 2022 on CryptoRank Top 10 Launchpads by Current IDO Average ROI in March TOP-15 Projects between $5M and $10M Market Cap with the potential to grow TOP 15 coins by LunarCRUSH Galaxy Score Top 10 Projects by Community Growth on Major Social Platforms in The Last 7 Days The Best Gaming and Metaverse Launchpads in 2022 Outstanding IDO Launchpad on Polygon Kommunitas is honoured to be featured on Polygon Daily's list of Top Polygon Projects by Altrank Kommunitas is honoured for KomNPlay to be featured on Polygon Daily's list of Best P2E NFT Games on Polygon Which language do you speak? English Turkish Indonesian Chinese Philippines Hindi Vietnamese Korean Spanish Japanese Arabic Thailand Germany Italian Russian Pakistan Bangladesh Portuguese What do they say about us YachtingVerse Servet KALMAZ - CEO Thank you to a friendly community and the wonderful managers of the community. A real KOMmunity. I hope you always have success in the future. They did not leave us alone at any stage of the project. They ensured the continuity of the project with magnificent moves everywhere. Creo Engine Javier Tan Kommunitas is a very professional and solid Launchpad. We have also received many advisory from none other than Mr. Robby himself and they certainly did us well. Thank you for the partnerships and we hope to collaborate more in the future KOL Partner Angga Andinata Kommunitas is one of the best launchpads aggregator in DeFi space. With Priority Offering, Revenue Sharing and Guaranteed Allocation. Kommunitas indeed the pioneer in this industry. Daily CryptoShow Daily Crypto Show KOMMUNITAS has probably the best protection for its priority projects. Most Protection rules guarantees 40% vesting above IDO price, if not refund. Kommunitas guarantees 50% and that actually is a big difference, often it means one more monthly vesting with price guarantee. Football Battle Mike Tran Good service with dedications DeFlyBall Murray Marderosian Great service from the kommunitas. MetaBeat Stephanie Kim Well streamlined and efficient Fabwelt Abhishek Pegada It is very important to recognize good talent, an idea, a vision and team. KOM team is very much trained with these skills. We as Fabwelt believe, this space is more collaborative. KOM is just the right example of it. KOMs success must be an inspiration for everyone in this space. Wish good luck to KOM team and community. TOKOIN Tokowarior Kommunitas reflects a profound belief in the core principles of teamwork and creativity. It is imperative that every individual team member embraces and embodies these values, as they are integral in shaping the culture and direction of the community. I'm glad can contribute to this agile launchpad of crypto. Investor Craig Cook. Why I like Kom: Trustworthy crypto is hard to find, but Robbie and the Kommunitas team is transparent and always does everything they can for the community/investors. They are constantly evolving, implementing new ideas, and improving their offerings. Communication is great, with informative private partner groups and quick resolution of any issues. The platform is transparent, easy to use, and the staking options are top-notch. Unlike many projects that disappoint, Kommunitas consistently does things differently. CP Kommunitas Crypto Indonesia Kommunitas Launchpad is very interesting, one of the participating places is to become an early investor in the latest projects with a full sense of security participating in IDO, it is very clear that in the Kommunitas, security of investor funds is a priority for them. The convenience of UX/UI makes it easy for new users, you don't need a lot of capital to participate, and the most interesting thing is the refund system, which not all Launchpad Platforms can provide it. Hopefully the Kommunitas will continue to be a safe link between projects and Investors. It's really really amazing with all the features in the Kommunitas Some of us who make this happen Robby J. CEO Eddy Y. CMO Teddy L. CTO Niki O. COO Romi S. Project Manager Septi M. CDO Are you ready to 2x your investment in no time? 1 Buy KOM 2 Stake KOM 3 Participate 4 Subscribe Kommunitas Don’t miss any news and updates from Kommunitas. Docs Exchange Account Whitepaper News and Media Earn Tokenomics Audit Staking Roadmap Partnership Launchpad FAQ On Going Event Calendar Announcement Brand Asset CrossChain Swap Legal KomNPlay All Rights Reserved – Kommunitas 2022 &nbsp;|&nbsp; Powered by Polygon &nbsp;and&nbsp; Arbitrum &nbsp;|&nbsp; Disclaimer × 