 Farm About Farm About BSC Chain Select Chain BSC Chain Connect Wallet Twitter Telegram EN CN Discover quality DeFi projects Explore new Farms and increase your token earnings with any of KuGouDeFi's high-performance LPs and Staking Farms Farm LP SHIBB Token APY &nbsp; 20% SHIBB-KGT LP LP SHIBF Token APY &nbsp; 20 % SHIBF-KGT LP Coming soon LP KuGou Token APY &nbsp; % KGT-USDT LP LP KuGou Token APY &nbsp; % KGT-FIL LP Earn Rewards on Your Crypto Hodlings KuGouDeFi makes it easy to make your crypto work for you Frequently Asked Questions What is KuGouDeFi? KuGouDeFi is a platform for creating and hosting farming programs for various crypto tokens. These farms are looking to engage with their communities and provide secure off-the-shelf smart contracts! In addition to the great design, it is easy to use, compatible with the most popular wallets, and highly trusted security. Currently we reward users for LP farm exchange pairs that increase liquidity in decentralization. What is a crypto farm (yield farming) Yield farming is the practice of staking or lending crypto assets in order to generate high returns or returns in the form of additional cryptocurrency. This innovative but risky and volatile application of decentralized finance (DeFi) has recently surged in popularity due to further innovations such as liquidity mining. Yield farming is currently the biggest growth driver for the nascent DeFi industry. Where does the reward come from? Rewards are deposited by token issuers as part of their marketing and incentive programs. Crypto tokens usually have a limited supply, therefore, the greatest rewards will be given in the early stages of any project. What is dynamic APY and how is it calculated? Dynamic APY is a way to automatically adjust APY during an eventA function of the value, as follows: Rewards per block / Number of tokens staked for that block * 1 Number of blocks in a full year = APY, where Rewards per block = total number of rewards for the program / in the program The total number of blocks, dynamic APY goes up when users leave and goes down when they join the farm. Which blockchains are supported? Currently we only support BSC Chain. Is there a limit to the number of people or tokens that can enter the farm? There is no such restriction. A contract can have as many participants and tokens as possible. Rewards are distributed based on each participant's relative holdings in the contract's total tokens. As users add or remove tokens from the contract, the APY adjusts accordingly. What is the security protocol of KuGouDeFi? KuGouDeFi uses the highest security standards in the crypto space, and all KuGouDeFi smart contracts are audited. Nonetheless, please do your own research on how staking farms and smart contracts work before using this site. Make sure you understand the risks. Don't take a risk you can't take it KuGouDeFi is not involved in the management of the tokens presented on its website, which are the responsibility of the company that issued them. How can I create a farm for a token? If you would like to create a farm for your token, please click this link for more information and email us. If you would like to farm with us for a specific token (not your generated token), please share our website with the project owner! Get the latest information on new farms from our social channels telegram Twitter service@kugoudefi.com Wallet is connected Link with wallet Copy address View in explorer Disconnect wallet Connect Wallet Loading... 