 Play now in browser No need to download - play right on your mobile or laptop! The truly fair play-and-earn game on WAX No fee to start play and earn. Free-to-play enter No need to wait for a launch. The game is ready No limits to play. PC and mobile devices adapted browser game Enjoy the game and use an option to earn from it at the same time Click to Play now Earn GEMs by taking on fun quests If you're a casual gamer, a fan of our game or a KOL/influencer, you can earn points with this program and change it to in-game rewards*: Become an ambassador * you can use it immediately for your progress or sell on the marketplace. The smart strategy you’ll enjoy playing Land of Clans is a fantasy world, where everyone can become a great landlord. You could choose your game strategy – either farming and producing the new game assets for trade and exchange, or expanding your lands and conquesting new territories and their treasures . Each land allows you to mine gold and food, build your civilization and make wealth. But the power of the game is competition. Players unite into clans and contend for the winner’s title and reward. To take part in the tournaments one should have the true prosperous land. Only top players could get into the top league and make a big score. The epic competition has started! Click to play now Cooperation makes you stronger Cooperation boosts your progress, so you should choose and join a clan to succeed or make your own clan. Any clan could set its own demands and limits for membership, and have a private chat so you could agree about the general strategy. Click to play now Real player-driven game tokenomics No NFT-drops from the developers. All the assets are minted in game by players and could be trade at AtomicHub No in-game currency on DEX and no risk of its dump and collapse No whitelists or preferences for any group of players Proof-of-game only matters Check Whitepaper Roadmap From the clans to the shared government of the game Be the first to start! Company name: ONLYSPACE ONLINE GAMING SERVICES EST. Company address: Office 145, floor 12,Building: Owned by RASHED MOHAMMED ABDULLA ALMAZROUEI, street Al Thanyah 1 Dubai, UAE. PObox: 450450CEO full name: ALEKSEI KOSTAREVLicense id: 1027669 CEO: Aleksei Kostarev Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Close 