 Home About Abilities Team Roadmap FAQ Join DOWNLOAD Home About Abilities Team Roadmap FAQ AtomicHub DOWNLOAD A Creative Sandbox P2E Game on WAX Play to Earn is LIVE. Early Access: Download. Drops Mining P2E Game Pass grants you early access. Characters have different abilities. Our Partners Helping us Build 50 Unique Characters 1000 Unique Accessories 3000 Land Locations 1M Unique Possibilities Easy steps How to Play 1 Create a WAX Wallet 2 Get a Character NFT 3 Roam the Open World 4 Customize Your Adventure Get Ready for a Creative Sandbox Game on WAX Sneak Peak The Character Abilities Builder The builder can craft by creating buildings, items and/or decorate scene. They will specifically have access to the builder tool. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Gamer The gamer can play mini games throughout Landbox. They will be able to enjoy the mini games around the metaverse. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Seller The seller can sell items in stores, if the seller doesn't have the items he won't be able to sell. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Advertiser The advertiser can place advertisements in the metaverse. You can advertise all around the LandBox world. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Greeter The greeter can chat, date, flirt and interact with others. A social butterfly in the LandBox world. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Troll The troll can annoy, teleport and move items around. The troll is exactly what you'd expect from a troll. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Bandit The bandit can attack others and take their health away. This character can be arrested by the hero. Will lock the character away for 12 hours. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Hero The hero can stop the bad guys for hours without letting them play. The hero will receive a reward for doing good interactions. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Farmer The farmer can produce items that will help increase energy. Increasing energy is an important piece in LandBox. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Medic The medic can come to aid to others for a fee. The medic can help increase health of other players in LandBox. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. Monster The monster can haunt other players and start to take their health away in LandBox. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. DJ The DJ can add their own music in the dance club. The DJ can get the dance floor moving. This character is found in our starter packs. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. VIP The VIP character can access to the features of the first season, such as creating parties, playing games, creating and decorating your land. The abilities can be subject to change in the future. The story About Us PWNED Studio is the game publisher, a company that has a history of marketing NFT games across the world. PWNED Studio's games have been featured on Bitcoin.com and other news outlets. PWNED Studio is a team of marketers specifically in the crypto space. A few of PWNED Studio projects on the WAX Blockchain consist of GNO City, NlessFT, Monster Fight and NFT AY! Playfox Games is the multiplatform game developer located in Brazil, created some famous games like Monster Ball GO, Play Fire and King of Clans, totaling more than 5 million downloads on Playstore. Built a few products for blockchain in augmented reality on the Ethereum network, and a version of Pokemon with NFT for an Indian Blockchain company. Playfox Games recently created Monster Fight on WAX. All projects by the publisher and developers are still fully supported. Learn more about the team and roadmap below. Connecting NFT Projects Our goal is to connect all of our WAX projects together and collaborate with others. Play to Earn Entering phase 3 of LandBox we will issue a token. Our initial focus is gameplay first. Metaverse Ready Endless possibilities in the creative world. Allow users to create and have fun. Our Goals Roadmap Phase 1 - Q2 Announcements - Website Launch - Social Creation- Chat Creation- Trailer Launch- Contest Launch- AtomicHub Whitelisting - NeftyBlocks Level 3 Phase 2 - Q2/3 Alpha Launch - Starter Pack Drop (6/27/22) - Game Pass Drop (6/27/22)) - Launch Game for Early Access Expected: End of July Phase 3 - Q3 Beta Launch Fixing all the bugs reported in Alpha. Preparing for our full game launch. Phase 4 - Q3/4 Token Launch (Completed Early) A native game token will launch within the game. Utility of this token will be updated on the roadmap as we get closer to Q3/4. Phase 5 - Q3/4 Full Launch Our full launch will exit the game out of beta and any testing that may be done for our continued efforts. Phase 6 - Q4 Land Release (Completed Early) We will create a drop for land and make the land completely functional. Phase 7 - 2D Abilities Q4 '22 / Q1 '23 All 2D / browser abilities to be completed for every character. Team Members Meet The LandBox Crew Ademir Fox Software Engineer/CEO Playfox Games Nick Quirk Marketing/CEO PWNED Studio João Mendonça Project Leader Marcia Andreia COO Romulo Henrique Programmer Ian Lucas Programmer Vittor Augusto Head Designer Igor Muniz Designer Adriano Matias Designer Mark Rippons Community Leader Jason Mossop Community Manager Darla-Rae Yaremkevich Community Manager Creator Sponsors Uniting Communities Questions &amp; Answers Frequently Asked Questions What is LandBox ? A creative world. You can interact with the metaverse inside our mall. The mall will have ways for you to chat with friends and meet new metaverse enthusiasts. You can visit other people’s lands that could have been created by a landowner or an actual company. LandBox team will be creating strategic partnerships to help expand the possibilities inside the metaverse. An example of a partnership we could bring on a musician or a designer and they can set up a store highlighting their in-game items for sale.Survival is key in LandBox players will need to do small missions looking for food, helping shops with a small task or even helping an old lady cross the street. You’ll earn the in-game currency. The in-game currency can be used in various ways.Certain lands will have mini games as well that users can interact with. The LandBox game is an open world for gamers to enjoy the metaverse and creations at LandBox. What will the team LandBox sell? The plans for the sales will be the following and subject to change: - Starter Packs- Game Pass- Skins/Characters- Creator Packs- Land 1x1- Premier Mall Position- Craft Items What will the players of Landbox be able to sell? - Packs- Game Pass- Skins/Characters- Land 1x1- Creations by the Player How does buying land work? There will be a map showing 1000x1000 pixel points, each pixel is equivalent to 1 meter in the real world. Each 1 meter can only hold 4 people per meter. Let's say you buy 1x1 of land, and you invite friends to go to your land, you can only enter up to 4 people online. The bigger the space, the more people online.The more people playing on your land will make it more desirable to the community in terms of gameplay. What can I do on the land? Players will get the opportunity to decorate. All items on the land are turned into NFTs. In the near future items will be able to be crafted and customized. Land owners will be able to create a unique experience on their land from creating minigames or sell/advertise on their land. Future creations such as the dance club will be available so players can create a playlist and become a DJ. Of course a certain character ability will be required for this feature to work as well. Can I create my own skin? No, each skin/character we make is from those who purchased the creator packs (limited) and/or the new skins that may follow a certain trend around the world. Can I create items? Yes you can create a table, car, anything you want to decorate and sell. Join Our community &amp; get Early access 🤙 AtomicHub Join Discord Copyright © 2022 Game Developer, Playfox Games | Game Publisher, PWNED Studio, LLC Home AtomicHub NeftyBlocks 