 Products Claim links &amp; redeem codes Wrap tokens and NFTs into sharable links Scan-to-claim QR codes Wrap tokens into scan-to-claim QR codes Dispenser app Share multiple NFTs in a single QR code Invite links Leverage invitational marketing to launch or&nbsp;grow your blockchain product Pricing Docs Blog Contact&nbsp;us Send 🖤 to hi@linkdrop.io LinkDrop Inc. 2019 - 2023 Talk to an expert Launch Dashboard Distribute NFTs with l Linkdrop provides the tools to deliver NFTs&nbsp;to&nbsp;anyone ... even those who don’t have a wallet yet Start now Talk to an expert Trusted by How it works qr code email link Generate unique QR codes Use Linkdrop Dashboard to create unique, scannable codes that can be attached to your products Attach QR codes to products Physically attach the generated QR codes to the products in a way that is easily accessible for scanning Allow customers to claim NFTs Users scan the QR codes to claim &nbsp;NFTs, a single QR code can redeem only one NFT. Generate unique claim codes Use Linkdrop Dashboard to create unique codes that can be sent to customers via email Send codes via email Send the generated codes to customers via email, along with instructions on how to claim NFTs Allow recipients to&nbsp;claim NFTs Allow customers to redeem their NFTs. Once a code is redeemed, it&nbsp;becomes invalid to claim again Integrate SDK to create links Use Linkdrop SDK to create unique claim links that can be shared with anyone Share links at your discretion Share claim links with your audience, at your discretion in an app or a chatbot Allow anyone to claim NFTs Enable anyone to redeem your NFTs by following the instructions provided with the claim links Seamless NFT redemption with a&nbsp;custom&nbsp;claim page A branded claim page provides a seamless process for&nbsp;redeeming your NFTs White-label We can customize claim page to fit your branding with your logo and colors Beginner friendly First-time crypto users will be guided to set up a&nbsp;wallet, no address needed in advance Sponsored transactions Sponsor gas fees for claim transactions or let your users pay the fees. You choose Supporting leading crypto wallets Battle-tested and secure solution Enterprise-grade security Protected by state-of-the-art cryptography and blockchain smart contracts. The largest crypto companies trust us with their NFT delivery needs. GDPR and CCPA compliant Unique non-custodial tech Non-custodial means that we can’t be evil, even if an attacker has access to our servers, they won’t be able to steal assets Smooth crypto onboarding Integrated with existing leading crypto wallets. We help users install a non-custodial wallet in a straight-forward and user-friendly way Multichain support Operating on the Ethereum Mainnet and Polygon networks and supporting EVM compatible blockchains on request Automate NFT delivery with Linkdrop SDK Control your web3 user experience Read documentation ➔ Our backers and partners How brands use Linkdrop Ledger distributes NFTs with&nbsp;hardware wallets Ledger combines hardware wallet packaging with Linkdrop scan-to-claim QR&nbsp;codes for smooth physical NFT redemption Learn more Doodles delivers Genesis Box NFTs&nbsp;via&nbsp;email Linkdrop helps make NFT minting flow that&nbsp;accepts fiat&nbsp;payments&nbsp;possible Learn more Infinite Objects shares NFTs in&nbsp;email&nbsp;receipts After each sale Infinite Objects sends the customer an email with a&nbsp;link to redeem the&nbsp;IO Membership NFT Learn more FAQ Read full FAQ here Which chains and networks do you support? We support Ethereum Mainnet and Polygon, and Goerli testnet. We could easily support any EVM-based chain with a special request. Can you help me with the NFT contract? Our product focuses on providing tooling for smooth NFT distribution. We do not offer contract creation services for NFTs. However, we can recommend someone from our network who can build one for you. If you are developing the NFT contract on your own, we can offer advice on how to meet basic requirements. Who pays the blockchain network fees? In Linkdrop, there are two options for covering fees: The end user pays all fees. When the user receives the claim link and follows it to claim an NFT, they will need to pay for both the gas and the Linkdrop claiming fee. This option makes link creation free for the creator, but it shifts the cost to the user. ‍ The creator pays all fees. When the user receives the claim link and follows it to claim an NFT, they will not be charged. The gas will be covered by the proxy contract. The creator will pay for link creation and, depending on the chosen plan, either pre-pay the gas for transactions or reimburse the gas for all claims at the end of the month. I need a feature that I don’t think you support Ask us. We are constantly adding new, powerful features. We’d love to chat! We are easiest to reach by e-mailing to hi@linkdrop.io I want to talk to someone before starting We’d love to chat. You can book a call with us , talk to us in our Telegram community , or ask your question by e-mailing us at &nbsp; hi@linkdrop.io Distribute your NFTs today Join companies like Ledger, Zerion and Infinite Objects to&nbsp;distribute NFTs with Linkdrop Start now Talk to an expert Send 🖤 to hi@linkdrop.io Linkdrop Labs, Inc. 2019 - 2023 Product Dashboard SDK Pricing Resources Docs FAQ GitHub Contact us Community Blog Twitter Telegram LinkedIn Legal Terms Privacy 