 Jobs Proshop Spey Bay Links Golf Club Open menu Join LinksDAO Join the Discord Login Links Launches New Membership Tier JOIN NOW! Building The World’s Greatest Golf Community A global community of golf enthusiasts in web3 reimagining the modern golf and leisure club As seen in... LINKSDAO MEMBERSHIPS GLOBAL MEMBER Right to buy two individual memberships or one family membership at any LinksDAO course 4x governance Access to LinksDAO’s Club Reciprocity Program Priority access to member-exclusive events Discounts and preferred rates at LinksDAO partners like Callaway, Top Golf, and Bridgestone Exclusive access to the LinksDAO Discord community of Golf enthusiasts Access to exclusive merchandise Priority access to exclusive benefits not available to Leisure pass LEISURE MEMBER Right to buy an individual membership at any LinksDAO course 1x governance Discounts and preferred rates at LinksDAO partners like Callaway, Top Golf, and Bridgestone Exclusive access to the LinksDAO Discord community of Golf enthusiasts Access to exclusive merchandise LINKSDAO PARTNER BENEFITS Being a LinksDAO member comes with an array of exclusive partner benefits beyond the ability to become a member at the first IRL golf course: Discounts on gameplay at TopGolf locations in the U.S. Exclusive member benefits and discounts on gear found on Callawaygolf.com. Member-exclusive benefits and perks at bridgestonegolf.com Member-exlusive discount on Bettinardi items Global Members are invited to enroll in WORLDvantage, providing access to 450+ private clubs. Access to an elite network of over 200 golf courses in 40 countries. Request your tee time with a LinksDAO Golf Concierge. 15% off Sim Rentals and 50% off your first league team Members receive exclusive discounts on Ship Sticks services Save up to $400 off a golf trip with Golfbreaks by PGA TOUR Members get a Golf Digest+ digital and print subscription for the price of digital ($1.99/month) 40% off yearly subscription to Golf Digest Schools Deposit bonus in free bets or casino credits on deposits over $1000 and future access to game tickets and events. Free Smart Sensors and Free 45-day trial to Arccos Caddie. Member's-only discount on all footwear and apparel at truelinkswear.com Exclusive, branded items at members-only prices 20% off Mizzen+Main performance menswear Member-exclusive discount for Links-branded Greyson apparel Exclusive, branded apparel at members-only prices 20% discount for members on items from williammurraygolf.com Free monogramming 20% discount on all items 20% discount on all items Members-only discount for fitness and mobility programs Member exlusive discounts on women's golf apparel A one year free subscription to Puttr's digital platform when purchasing a Puttr mat Exclusive, branded apparel at members-only prices Never lose another club, with Club Catcher Member exclusive discounts for women's apparel 15% off Bad Birdie Products 10% off Playbetter site All yardage and green books $25. Over 30,000 courses available. 15% off lesson purchases from Skillest LGC Members receive 20% off purchases at birdsofcondor.com Exclusive offer from Gem Golf, The #1 Swing Trainer Recommended by PGA Pro Teachers Transform Your Swing with GolfForever - Exclusive Offers for Links Golf Club Members 20% off items from Jayebird.com 15% off Lie+Loft goods ROADMAP We are going to buy a golf course. LinksDAO is on a mission to own one of the world’s greatest golf courses. We will work in tandem with top club management and golf course architects to source courses and properties worthy of a premiere golf experience.Along the way, we’re building a passionate community, delivering exclusive member benefits, and having a lot of fun. Initial NFT Membership Drop On January 2nd, 2022, LinksDAO sold out 9,090 memberships and raised over $10 million in 24 hours. IRL Benefits &amp; Partnerships We’ve partnered with top golf brands like 5iron and ShipSticks to provider IRL benefits to LinksDAO members. LinksDAO also organized a massive golf outing during SXSW 2022. Token Gated Pro Shop and Clubhouse On March 20, we launched the LinksDAO Pro Shop with exclusive, custom merch in collaboration with Holderness &amp; Bourne, Full Turn, custom-made headcovers from a premier manafacturing partner, and Club Glove, among others. On May 7, we launched a token-gated members platform. Member Reciprocity Program Global members will be able to opt-in to a peer-to-peer reciprocity program through the LinksDAO Clubhouse and organize outings at fellow members’ clubs in a programmatic way. Own a Top Golf Course We’re currently in talks to work with one of the top club management groups in the world. Thirty-five courses in the top 100 are credited to living architects and designers—we are in conversations with architects responsible for 26 of them. Both the club management group and architect that we work with will be instrumental in LinksDAO’s ownership and creation of one of the top golf experiences in the world. Learn more in the #buying-a-course channel in Discord. Stay up to date with The Mulligan Get the latest from LinksDAO when you subscribe to our newsletter. Subscribe Terms Of Sale Terms Of Service Privacy Policy © 2023 LinksDAO, Inc. All rights reserved. 