 open about roadmap purchase team name-1 twitter name-2 Glimpse into 10,000 unique lives lived by Asuna through this collection of hand-drawn, anime-inspired NFTs. learn more From a demon-lord in one life... ...to a mech pilot in another, Lives of Asuna is a collection conceived and designed by ZumiDraws that explores the many lives of our titular character as she exists across the vast multiverse. Totalling 10,000, each Asuna NFT is a unique combination of traits inspired by the rich world of anime, ranging from sci-fi and fantasy to slice-of-life. Customize Asuna and shape her story Asuna NFTs can be customized and shaped to your imagination with special items to alter her appearance. These items will be released after the initial launch and can be traded. An accomplished idol in another life Asuna can do it all -- including life as a musician across the multiverse. Hearing Asuna’s music will illuminate how imaginative your Asuna’s life can be. Endless possibilities and stories await. We will release Asuna’s first song prior to the launch of the collection. Roadmap Below are the stages we currently have planned for Lives of Asuna. We have more ideas in the works that we hope to test and eventually implement as our community grows. 1 Launch The Lives of Asuna NFT collection will be released January 2022. 2 Special Asunas A drop of 5 legendary Asuna NFTs that feature new traits not found in the rest of the collection for existing collectors. 3 Outfit your Asuna with a rare item! A batch of new items raffled to existing collectors to customize their Asuna NFTs. These items can be traded and used to replace or add new cosmetics to Asuna. 4 Explore the music of Asuna The first song was just the beginning. Every musician dreams of releasing a project and Asuna is no different. Bridging the fantastic worlds of electronic music and Anime, community members will get to hear her mini-album first and vote on the title &amp; artwork. 5 Even more items for further customization Alter the appearance of Asuna by collecting and equipping items. For the future that lies beyond this roadmap, we look forward to expanding the project along with our community to realize even greater ambitions for the Lives of Asuna universe! Purchase Lives of Asuna NFTs can be acquired in one of two stages, in a whitelisted presale and a public sale. Presale: January 27, 2:00 PM EST • Minting price for the presale will be 0.08 ETH. • You can learn more about whitelisting opportunities in our Discord. Public raffle results revealed: January 31st, 2:00 PM EST • Winners will be able to mint at 0.2 ETH. The additional 0.12 ETH of this sale will be distributed into a community treasury. • We will add more winners every few hours until we are sold out. Team Zumi artist twitter Hagglefish artist twitter Oksami developer twitter Follow name-1 twitter © 2022 ZumiDraws 