 MINT ABOUT NFT GAME VIDEO $LHC ROADMAP TEAM F&amp;Q CONNECT Connect to your METAMASK wallet Download Install METAMASK to continue Oops! Please connect to the mainnet 5 Type of mouths 4 Races 55 Hat / Clothes / Belts / Hand Items Backpacks 9 Type of eyes LLAMAS TOGETHER STRONG Limited time Llama NFT offer, now is your best chance to join our Llama family! Galxe exclusive holder campaign! 3950 USDT prize pool are open for holder to claim! Do not miss it! RISE AND JOIN THE LlAMA ARMY! In 8858 AD, the Earth received a message from a galaxy far, far away. "According to Article 3-1 of the Interstellar Organization, invasion of a planet with life requires an official warning 30 cosmic years in advance, so we hereby issue an official alert to all Earthlings that there will be an invasion in 8888 AD." The whole world changed after the message was broadcasted to everyone on Earth through an encrypted network. Faced with an unknown opponent, we have no idea how to defend ourselves, and we don’t even know of the existence of the so-called Interstellar Organization. The only clue lies in the llama-like alien we see in the message. If you didn't personally hear the creature's fluent English, you would probably think it’s a hoax. Faced with a strange alien creature and an uncertain future, nations worldwide decided to team up to train soldiers who could stand up to the invasion in 30 cosmic years. Luckily, we've come across Earthlings who look like llamas in a parallel universe, and the Large Hadron Collider in Geneva was used to bridge the 2 universes. Soon, a world-class selection process began, where only the best of the best llamas would be chosen as warriors to protect the Earth. It starts with community 8888 UNIQUE LLAMA Each Llama has six attributes, namely strength, agility, etc... so that they can easily fit in any Metaverse, each one is drawn by "0xLi”Lee" and mint by algorithm. Each of them has its own story, birth date, place of birth. 8888 Llamas, Public sell at ?? BNB Upgrade / Summon 5 Type of mouths 9 Type of eyes 55 Hat / Clothes / Belts / Hand Items / Backpacks 4 Races Blind box system. Current stage "Public Sale" LIVE AVAILABLE 0 / 8888 1 Total 0 BNB WELCOME TO LLAMA LAND GAMEFi LLAMA LAND GameFi is a blockchain-based game. Play2Earn tokens by completing tasks, breeding llamas, and competing with other players. NFT 8888 unique llamas for you to collect Upgrade You can upgrade your Llama to make it become more stronger Summon You can create a new generation of Llamas by using any two Llamas Season and Events Collect and max out Legendary Llama to claim lucrative prizes Competiton Select your Llama to join the competition for winning the reward Trading, Ranking Trade on Market place (Element) to boost your collection. Compete with friends and other players to show off your Llama army $LHC TOKEN $LHC token is the main in-game currency. It will be used for purposes such as purchase item, summon Llama, or rewarding. In-game Currency Most items in the game will be payable using $LHC tokens. Governance Vote for new features, purpose new ideas or decide $LHC unlock time etc..with the $LHC, we can let players decide what is good for the ecosystem. Play And Earn Simply playing can also get you $LHC tokens via mission and social mining. WEB3 Economy $LHC is made to support WEB3 world, more adopted Dapp and ecosystems will come in the near future. ROADMAP PHASE 1 PHASE 2 PHASE 3 PHASE 4 PHASE 5 Project concept Game style、character style NFT design Building website $LHC token contract Optimize mint process Token allocation Game ecosystem structure Whitepaper Game math design Game teaser CyberLily develop Website staging Game contract LHC contract Llama contract Relic contract Game shop collider building Game hall Backpack system History log Ranking system Game backstage PVP environment Game music, sound effect Game VFX Social media channel LAUNCHPAD LLAMA LAND Arena Seasons, event Sumo game Golf game Javelin throw game Soapbox race game Beauty pageant game Push and pull game Bowling game Race game $LHC Token IEO Mobile platform Seeking collaboration Multiverse Roguelike Summon Fusion OUR TEAM F&amp;Q What’s LLAMA LAND GameFi? LLAMA LAND is a decentralized, competitive play-to-earn idle game. All Llamas, tools and items in LLAMA LAND are on the blockchain, so players have full control of their assets. By upgrading, summon, and competing with their herd of Llamas, players can win in-game tokens and participate in governance, ensuring everyone has a part in shaping a vibrant LLAMA LAND ecosystem. What chain is LLAMA LAND using? The LLAMA LAND is running on BNB chain. How many Llamas will there be? LLAMA LAND will have an initial batch of 8888 Llamas. How is Each Llama Unique? Llamas are designed to compete and thrive all over the LLAMA LAND ecosystem. Each Llama NFT has a randomized combination of 6 metadata traits: Vitality, Agility, Strength, Intelligence, Charming, and Luck. These traits not only allow Llamas to participate in all types of games planned for the future, but it also gives flexibility so Llamas can live in other metaverses outside of LLAMA LAND. What is the Llama mint price? How many can I mint at once? The sales to the public will use a three-stage method. Following each stage's sale, the next stage will begin. For the first stage, 3,000 llamas will be sold at 0.25 BNB each. The second stage will include 3,000 llamas, each sold at 0.35 BNB. The third and final stage will offer 1,000 llamas, each sold at 0.45 BNB. Additionally, 200 llamas have already been distributed as part of an airdrop event, and 1,688 llamas will be allocated for marketing and promotional purposes. Contact Us support@llamaland.io About Llama Land GameFi NFT GAME $LHC TEAM ROADMAP FOLLOW Us Made with fullPage.js Disclaimer Risk Disclaimer: The exchange of BNB and LHC tokens using this smart contract involves risks, and users should assume all risks. This smart contract provides only the exchange functionality and does not make any guarantees regarding token prices, liquidity, or any other factors. Pool Exchange: When users exchange LHC for BNB, the contract will search the liquidity pool to determine if there is a sufficient quantity of BNB available for the desired amount of LHC. However, the availability of a sufficient quantity of BNB in the liquidity pool cannot be guaranteed. Users should be aware that in cases where there is insufficient BNB liquidity in the pool, the exchange may not be successful. This restriction does not apply to BNB to LHC exchanges. Service Fee: A service fee of 1% will be charged if an LHC to BNB exchange order is successfully executed. For order cancellations, a fee will be deducted, which includes the gas fee and an additional 0.01 BNB service fee. Order Cancellation: Users have the option to cancel an exchange order at any time. Please note that a cancellation fee will be deducted, which includes the gas fee and an additional 0.01 BNB service fee. Security: While efforts have been made to ensure the security of the smart contract, the possibility of errors, vulnerabilities, or attacks cannot be completely eliminated. Users should assume the potential risk of losses resulting from the use of this smart contract. Please read and understand the above disclaimer carefully before using this smart contract. If you have any questions, it is recommended to seek professional advice. - BNB 0 / 0.000 LHC - LHC / 0 Max BNB 0 Upon successful transaction, a 0% fee will apply. By clicking «Accept», you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Deny Accept Loading To Connecting . . . LLAMA%20LAND LLAMA LAND VIDEO VIDEO PLAY PLAY ABOUT ABOUT NFT NFT MINT MINT GAME GAME $LHC $LHC ROADMAP ROADMAP TEAM TEAM F&amp;Q F&amp;Q CONTACT CONTACT 