 Protocol Protocol About Learn more about who we are and what we offer Contact Us Contact information for getting in touch with the LNSwap team. Testimonials Read through our testimonials Welcome to the New LNSwap Website New year, new website, but the same dedication to building security and trust. Resources Resources Blog Check out out blog and keep up to date. FAQ We’ve got answers to your questions. Media Kit Download our media kit. Status Check our status. Popular blog posts Welcome to the New LNSwap Website New year, new website, but the same dedication to building security and trust. What are Peer-to-Peer Token Swaps? It doesn’t matter if it’s baseball cards, electronics, or money, if you’ve ever traded directly with another person, you’ve completed a peer-to-peer (P2P) swap. In a P2P system, you aren’t required to trust third parties in order to process transactions, as they are conducted directly between individuals. This concept is playing an important role in cryptocurrencies where P2P token swaps are removing the need for financial institutions and centralized exchanges (CEX) to act as intermediaries. Instead, this decentralized approach makes P2P swaps directly from a bitcoin wallet efficient and trustless.&nbsp; Learn Learn How it works The latest industry news, updates and info. Cryptocurrencies We’ve got answers to your questions. Whitepapers Download our media kit. Documentation Check our status. Popular Learnings 101 Guide to the LNSwap Crypto Aggregator Learn how swap protocols use crypto aggregators and what’s coming to LNSwap in the near future. Crypto Swaps vs. Crypto Exchanges: What's the Difference? How do crypto exchanges and crypto swaps work? LNSwap, a protocol developed in part by Trust Machines, explains. Refund Swap Swap Refund Swap Bitcoin and Stacks Safely with Lightning We believe that users should have full control over their funds. That’s why we’ve built LNSwap. Swap What is LNSwap? LNSwap is a decentralized swap protocol that provides a fast, private way of swapping Bitcoin for digital assets on the Stacks layer, and vice versa. All on-chain and Lightning Bitcoin wallets are supported by LNSwap. How we work LNSwap ensures that digital asset swaps not only happen seamlessly, but also with more privacy assurances than other alternatives. You can watch a step-by-step walkthrough of LNSwap here: Play the video Who we are We’re a team of engineers and Stacks community members who have been building on Bitcoin for years in an effort to unlock new use-cases for the blockchain. Find out more about what we’re developing and our team Stacks 2.1 Q1 2023 Taproot Q2 2023 sBTC Q3 2023 Taro Q1 2024 Custom SIP10 tokens Q2 2024 Subnets Q2-Q3 2024 Learn more about LNSwap To learn more about how LNSwap fits into this new financial landscape, head over to our blog. Check out the blog Product How L2s Are Helping Crypto Swaps A quick guide to Bitcoin swaps and how L2s are making Bitcoin transactions faster and cheaper. Read now Product Want to be a Liquidity Provider? Here’s What You Need to Know Liquidity providers are important market participants in the DeFi ecosystem. LNSwap lays out everything you need to know about becoming an LP. Read now Start swapping Bitcoin for Stacks LNSwap is a non custodial crypto currency swaps protocol that provides a fast, private way of swapping Bitcoin for Stacks and vice versa. Swap Refund Protocol About Careers We're Hiring! Press Testimonials Resources Blog FAQ Media Kit FAQ Status Contact Us Learn How it works Exchange pairs Whitepapers Community Discord Twitter Github Youtube Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service 2023 LNSwap Rights Reserved 