 $ ~ Current TVL Explore Platform Explore Platform One-Click DeFi Passive Income Decentralized asset management made simple. Discover onchain vaults with curated strategies inside. Audited by Pessimistic Innovations Building together Set and forget Omnichain Future of finance Our vaults Diverse narratives &nbsp; aligned with your &nbsp; preferences and goals ETH notional Locus Yield ETH Set and forget LSDfi Low risk Weekly APY 4.9% $512.4K $1.5M TVL Max capacity USDC notional DeFi Core Index Future of finance Yield-bearing Low risk Weekly APY 19.2% $412.3K $800K TVL Max capacity USDC notional Arbitrum Yield Index Innovations Yield-bearing Medium risk Weekly APY 4.9% $480.1K $500K TVL Max capacity USDC notional Locus Yield USD Omnichain Market-neutral Low Risk Weekly APY Coming soon $0 $1M TVL Max capacity We simplify and streamline the entire investment process Seamless DeFi Investment We take the reins of the complex DeFi landscape, handling market analysis and strategic management, allowing you to enjoy the results. Transparent Yield Without the&nbsp;Hassle Hand picked and turn-key sets of compound protocols ready to start investing. Affordable. Efficient. Simple Dive into diverse ecosystems with a single click, eliminating numerous transactions and fees. Get Started Investment Spectrum From steadfast blue chips to emerging trends, we tailor options to fit your investment style and aims. Onchain Transparency Say goodbye to opaque asset management. Verify the assets onchain anytime. Need more details? Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? Feel free to contact us via: What is Locus? Locus is a platform for decentralized asset management with automated, tokenized yield-bearing vaults of curated strategies. Customer assets are managed through smart contracts, providing a simple interface for navigating complex DeFi strategies. How do I start investing? There is no formal registration process. To start using the service, you need a browser or app wallet like Metamask and connect it to the Locus platform. Where can I find real-time Locus reserves? Our main logic is based on Smart Contracts, ensuring transparency in all processes. You can find all our addresses here How do fees on Locus work? The amount of the fee depends on the specific Vault. Two types of fees apply to each strategy: Reward fee. Every time the vault harvests from 5% to 10% of the funds gathered are retained by the Locus Vault. Annual streaming fee. Vault also retains from 0.7% to 1.5% annually of the total assets the Vault has over a period of time. When will I start earning? After investing in a vault, you will receive income from the next harvest. Each vault has its own harvest period, which can vary from weekly to several weeks, depending on TVL, and market conditions to optimize earnings and expenses. Blog Docs Audit Terms of Use Privacy Notice support@locus.finance Discord Twitter Telegram Youtube Github 