 Open main menu Discord Twitter Launch App The Farmers Guild Lydian is a community of like-minded farmers harvesting crops together on Stacks. Launch App Docs Key Metrics Protocol owned liquidity - Actively farming - Stake APY - How Lydian Works 1 Building Treasury Fair launch initial distribution. Lock liquidity through bonds in the treasury to help control LDN supply. 2 Treasury Growth LP fees and farming yield increase treasury. Treasury is used to back LDN tokens. 3 Staking rewards Compounds yield automatically through a treasury backed token with intrinsic value. Your token represents your share of the treasury. As the treasury grows, your share increases in value. Efficient Treasury Management 1 . Treasury balance is managed to deploy assets in the most productive way possible on Stacks. 2 . Yield from opportunities is added to the treasury. 3 . Treasury used to back LDN. Sustainable staking rewards. Stakers receive their share proportionally to their stake. 4 . Stakers increase LDN tokens over time, representing their share. Lydian rewards stakers with compounding interest through rebases, increasing their LDN holdings over time. Lydian is the Farmers Guild DeFi on Stacks As the DeFi landscape on Stacks is still evolving with new protocols launching and opportunities arising, Lydian will be at the forefront of this movement . Lydian DAO's supervision Stakers don't have to worry about the latest developments as their interests are actively and optimally managed by Lydian DAO. Lydian launchpad Lydian will become a community for new protocols to source liquidity and gain initial traction and exposure . Frequently asked questions What is Lydian? Lydian is an active treasury management protocol on Stacks that uses the best techniques DeFi has to offer, such as protocol-owned-liquidity, staking and bonding. Members will see their share of the treasury rise in value as the treasury is deployed in farming strategies. What is the purpose of Lydian? Lydian gathers funds in the treasury by means of lucrative bond offerings in exchange for our LDN token. The LDN token represents a share of the treasury that is ever-growing due to it being actively managed in yield farms across the Stacks ecosystem by and for Lydian's members. In short, members will benefit from the growth of the treasury thanks to the active management of the treasury in all the best protocols Stacks has to offer. Who decides on the farming strategies? Lydian's members form a DAO or Guild which collectively decides on the future of the protocol. This governance system decides on both the protocol's parameters, but also decides on treasury farming strategies. How can I check the contents of the treasury and if they are being actively managed? Among many other important protocol parameters, the Dashboard in our dApp shows exactly what the current real-time contents of treasury are and if they have been deployed in a farming strategy. How do I join Lydian? You too can benefit from Lydian by collecting LDN and then staking it in our dApp. You can swap USDA for LDN on Arkadiko or you can collect LDN by participating in one of our lucrative bond offerings. So come check out our dApp and join our Discord to stay updated on all the latest news. Lydian is a community of like-minded farmers harvesting crops together on Stacks. Docs Discord Twitter 