 Mint Grow Govern People Of Eden Mint Grow Govern About A Stable Currency To Prot | Mint the future of value-stable money with ARTH CREATE TIMELESS VALUE 1 ARTH = $2.15 MINT ARTH LEARN MORE Value over time to buy one cup of coffee Compare value with years 1990 2020 2060 Buy ARTH $5.00 ARTH Value Coin $5.00 Fiat Currency ARTH is the stablecoin innovation we’ve been waiting for Stable Against Volatility ARTH remains steady amid market conditions, contrasting volatility for everyday transactions. Decentralized, Secure, Resilient ARTH is uncensorable and is minted using decentralized smart contracts that are governed by token holders. Preserve Wealth, Forever ARTH is designed with the objective to appreciate in value compared to the US dollar in the bull markets, and remains stable during bear markets. GROW YOUR MONEY Achieve financial liberty now ARTH does not only preserve your wealth but also provides you different ways to grow it everyday Farming Farm &amp; Earn Yields Put your capital at work and earn yields by providing liquidity to the ecosystem. Go to Farming Staking Stake MAHA MAHAX is the governance token of MahaDAO. By staking your MAHA you get benefits to govern the entire ecosystem. Go to Staking Lending Lend/Borrow ARTH Earn an interest by allowing borrowers to borrow your ARTH from MahaLend. Go to Lending Farming Farm &amp; Earn Yields Put your capital at work and earn yields by providing liquidity to the ecosystem. Go to Farming Staking Stake MAHA MAHAX is the governance token of MahaDAO. By staking your MAHA you get benefits to govern the entire ecosystem. Go to Staking Lending Lend/Borrow ARTH Earn an interest by allowing borrowers to borrow your ARTH from MahaLend. Go to Lending GOVERN YOUR MONEY Take control of your finances MahaDAO is a decentralized global community for everyone in pursuit of a better tomorrow Participate in movement Become a part of the mission by joining our community and playing a proactive role in governance. Learn more about Governance Visit the documentation to learn more about how the entire ecosystem is kept decentralized and control is given to the people. About/Resources Blog Github Linktree CoinGecko Documentation CoinMarketCap Download BrandKit Products Mint ARTH Governance Lending Launchpad NFTs Merch Need Support? Raise a ticket ARTH MAHA Join the mission Join the community and be a part of the mission! Follow the Twitter to get all the latest news and updates from the project. For general support and queries. Long-form discussions and debates. Participate in the public discourse. 