 Join our communities Discord Telegram Built on BNB Chain Buy Token Help Center English Sign In Launch AppSocial Media owned by the people Create, explore and earn in the world of web3 social communities MAIN is a new way to build online communities Key functions: 🎩 Ownership Communities belong to users. Users control and trade communities on-chain 🥷 Governance Communities are run by users. Users manage communities to increase their value 💎 Rewards Users get value. Every contribution to the community is counted and rewarded Building communities is hard MAIN makes it easy Every day MAIN distributes part of its tokens among communities The more valuable the community the more tokens it gets as rewards People share community rewards by participating in the community Communities get active, their members earn tokens Join the incredibly exciting social game &amp; convert your social activity into assets 1. Find community you like The greater the community, the higher its rewards 2. Get community coins Buy or win community coins to unlock community rewards 3. Contribute to community Make posts, write comments, curate content and compete with other members 4. Get rewards Earn tokens based on your activity and share in the community 5. Evolve endlessly! Use tokens to buy more coins and get more power and rewards Join today. Make your social activity count ⚡ 1 736 170 Posts published 6 732 587 Comments added 45 951 263 Post reactions sent 51 325 527 Rewards paid Tokenomics MAIN – is a utility token with a total supply of 1 000 000 000. It is used to buy board coins, run ads or give awards to other users. You can earn MAIN tokens for your social activity, get from other users or from the sale of board coins, or just buy.Board coins – are community tokens that are minted when purchased and burned when sold. The price of each coin goes up when people buy and goes down when people sell. Buy coins with MAIN tokens to own communities and get rewards. How does it works 1 Each community on MAIN has its own coins 2 People buy and sell community coins with MAIN tokens 3 The more coins people buy, the higher their price 4 Coins give users power and rewards 5 Community owners earn on the community growth Economics designed to scale 1. Growing difficulty Since the daily rewards are limited, it becomes more and more difficult to get new tokens as the number of users grows. 2. Limited emission Although it becomes more difficult to earn tokens over time, the value of each token increases, since their total supply is limited. 3. In-game utility Most of the tokens that people earn from their activity are locked back into board coins to get more rewards instead of being sold on the market. 4. Increasing demand Each new community, like each new user, needs MAIN tokens to buy board coins and join the game, which generates a constant demand for tokens. 5. Providing value Behind every board coin lies an entire community of real users who create content and provide value that can be monetized. 6. Hold to earn mechanics Board coins give people power and increase in value when other people buy them, so users tend to hold coins to benefit in the future. Roadmap 2021 Q1 - Launch of the app Q2 - Launch of the token on BNB chain Q3 - Referral program and app development Q4 - Board coin release 2022 Q1 - Boosts, voting and moderators tools Q2 - Private communities and other features Q3 - App development Q4 - New rewards system 2023 Q1 - Chats and onboarding Q2 - Ads and coins features Q3 - In-app wallet integration Q4 - NFT badges and avatars Decentralized protocols and DAO governance Become a community owner Get a piece of every community on MAIN metaverse to participate in its governance, access exclusive functionality, earn on its growth and get community rewards. Buy Board Coins Got MAIN? MAIN is the platform utility token. Get MAIN to buy board coins, create new communities, award other users, or buy ads. Buy MAIN Token Invite Friends Join MAIN and get your own referral code. Invite friends and earn 50% of community rewards your friends get. Referral program MAIN Community © 2023 About MAIN About Us How to Play Metrics Tokenomics Token Model Roadmap JOIN THE GAME Buy Board Coin Buy MAIN Token Invite Friends DOCUMENTS White Paper Help Center MAIN Community © 2023 