 About Gallery Collections Staking Partners Merch Store Enter the Site About Gallery Collections Staking Partners Merch Store Enter the Site Welcome to Mars Cats Voyage The first limited collection of NFTs giving holders the ability to follow cats on a voyage to Mars, their eventual meeting with Aliens, the build-out of their colony and all the discoveries along the way. Buy on Opensea Meet Alien Cats! Mars Alien Cats collection plays a huge part in the storyline established for the original Mars Cats collection and their Voyage to Mars. Aliens are truly unique creations that unlock exclusive utility for holders across our ecosystem. They will be minted unrevealed with a very attractive rarity profile. Buy on Opensea Our Mission We plan to set-off on a Voyage to Mars, make contact with Aliens, and build a colony on there to continue expanding our MCV Universe. Our NFTs give you access to the adventures our Space Team will embark on as well as the discoveries along the way. About Us Our Collections There are several NFT collections in the Mars Cats Voyage ecosystem including the OG Mars Cats Mars Cats in Spacesuits Mars Alien Cats Mars Cats Specials Mars Cats Collabs MCV Honorary Members Explore Collections OG Mars Cats The Road to Mars Buy yummies for our IRL cats Launch the SST (space suit token) claiming option for our holders (members of the Space Team) Launch a unique merchandise store for space team members Create a PFP/Banner maker tool on our website, available only to MCV holders Launch MCV Community Fund v 1.0 Develop a NFT-based game for all MCV owners Airdrop the Alien Collection NFTs to all OG MCV owners (after completing the initial game storyline or after reaching 4999 unique holders of the OG collection) Plan to build a colony on Mars after the successful completion of previous steps Consider building out the foundations of a potential MCV-Metaverse Membership Perks Possessing a Mars Cat gives you access to unique opportunities and adventures in the MCV Universe available only to members of the space team. Commercial Usage Commercial usage rights for the MCV cats are fully given to the MCV owners. You can create your own merch, comics, and projects using your MCV character. Spacesuits If your MCV NFT ID is in the 1-3000 range, or you have received one of the 333 random allocations, you have the ability (only once) to claim any of the 15 spacesuits for your Mars Cat and mint a new NFT in the Mars Cats in Spacesuits collection. Mars Alien Cats We will airdrop an additional exclusive collection of Alien Cats to holders of our OG MCV collection when we either reach 4999 unique holders (OG collection) or finish the initial game storyline. Airdrops We airdrop beautiful NFT artwork from collaborations with talented artists as well as create custom airdrops for special events. Game Experience All Mars Cats owners can help the space team reach Mars and build a colony by completing our new NFT game missions coming soon. Website Tools Our holders have access to special tools they can use to create custom PFPs, backgrounds for social media, and greeting cards for friends and family. Community We have a friendly community with clubs that suit different interests. Professional athletes, crypto investors, talented artists, musicians, NFT collectors and entrepreneurs are there. You will also find support for your new projects and lots of useful info. Merch Official MCV merch, including limited models are available for our space team. You may also win MCV merch by taking part in our special events and giveaways. Tools Banner Maker Create Use the banner maker to build a custom banner for your social media accounts. Choose from various backgrounds, select the cats you want featured, and make sure to update your account profiles. PFP tool Create For those of you that love customizing your PFPs on your social media accounts, we created many themed layers and backgrounds for you to use. Just select the cat you want to try it on and let your creativity run free! Greeting cards Create A special tool where you can create custom greeting cards for your friends and loved ones. Choose the background, your cat and write a message. Start Staking now The Space Team finished their initial analysis of the Martian landscape, established strong ties with Alien Cats, and are now ready for the next phase of the colony's expansion — expeditions. Send your Mars and Alien Cats on expeditions by staking them and earning $MLC for your help in gathering resources critical to our expansion on Mars. Mars Cats Staking Explore the Red Planet to gather valuable resources. Send your Mars Cat on Expeditions and get 15 $MLC per day. 15 $MLC / day Stake Alien Cats Staking Use your extrapurrestrial powers to help find resource deposits. Send your Alien Cat on Expeditions and get 10 $MLC per day. 10 $MLC / day Stake MCV Articles Jul 19, 2022 Mind Mapping the Future Expansion of Mars Cats Voyage Dec 27, 2021 Top Gear broadcast about MCV Mission Space Shuttle LEO Dec 27, 2021 Mars Cats Voyage Join the Voyage! The first limited collection of unique NFTs, in which cats set off to build a colony on Mars, and give their owners the chance to take part in the adventure and their discoveries. Buy on OpenSea TERMS OF USE © 2022 MARTIANS LABS 