 Home Medium Community Help About Install Mask Open Internet What is Mask Network? Mask Network brings privacy and benefits from Web3 to social media like Facebook &amp; Twitter - with an open-sourced browser extension. Using Mask Network Install the Mask Extension Login with Mask ID and connect your wallet Use familiar Web 2.0 sites, enhanced with Web3 integrations Encrypt Messages For Friends’ Eyes Only Use the Mask Extension to hide your content from prying eyes and allow only your target audience to see it. Built In Social Trading Tools With integrated widgets on social media platforms, you’ll be able to view the latest prices of crypto assets without leaving the page. Powered by Uniswap, SushiSwap, Ox, and dHEDGE. Verify NFT Avatars Got a BAYC or a Punk? Get your profile pictures verified on-chain. For free. Create Your Own Web 3 Profile Aggregate your digital activities - including NFTs, POAPs, donation records etc - all in one place. Anonymised or not, that’s completely up to you. Shop at Social Marketplaces Buy and sell NFTs directly from social media platforms. Powered by OpenSea and other NFT marketplaces. Start and Take Part In Giveaways Gift NFTs and tokens to users on a first-come-first-served basis. Store Your Files On a Decentralised Network Use a next generation Dropbox. Permanent, uncensorable, open to all. Powered by Arweave. On-ramp Fiat easily Buy crypto assets directly via credit card or bank transfer in over 60 countries. Powered by Transak. Join the Mask Network Community Mask Network is trusted and supported by an active community of users and contributors. Join us! GitHub MaskDAO Mask Partners &amp; Supporters Mask Network Newsletter Follow us for more information about Mask Submit Mask Network Newsletter Follow us for more information about Mask Submit Mask Network is a free and open source software developed and maintained by Dimension. About Brand Guide Contact Us Privacy Policy Navigate News FAQs Source Code Tutorials Join Us Bounty Program Community placeholder never show © 2018-2024 Mask.io 