 SIGN IN A Programmable 3D Multichain Metaverse REGISTER 1st WAVE 2000 Lands on Ethereum 1x1 0 / 560 AVAILABLE 0.2 ETH 2x2 0 / 110 AVAILABLE 0.8 ETH 3x3 0 / 48 AVAILABLE 1.8 ETH 6x6 0 / 13 AVAILABLE 7.2 ETH 2nd WAVE 5000 Lands on Flow 1x1 0 / 1575 AVAILABLE 60 FLOW 2x2 0 / 350 AVAILABLE 240 FLOW 3x3 0 / 165 AVAILABLE 540 FLOW 6x6 0 / 15 AVAILABLE 2160 FLOW 3rd WAVE 3000 Lands on Ethereum 1x1 0 / 655 AVAILABLE 0.2 ETH 2x2 0 / 240 AVAILABLE 0.8 ETH 3x3 0 / 77 AVAILABLE 1.8 ETH 6x6 0 / 12 AVAILABLE 7.2 ETH View your claimed Lands on View your claimed Lands on Multichain Metaverse Matrix World is a distinctive virtual world that will support different blockchain infrastructures. Players can explore the world with different on-chain identities. Immersive 3D DApps Creators can enrich and extend the world by building immersive 3D decentralized applications (DApps) that can connect to external services and applications. For example, players can visually trade and purchase NFTs through 3D DApps from OpenSea and other marketplaces. Programmable NFTs &amp; Objects All in-game objects and NFTs have their own lifecycles. Landowners can customize their behaviors, appearances, and transformations via Turing-complete programs. Create With Automation Import various NFTs on the blockchain and create in-game buildings and constructions with automated tools. Gameplay &amp; Entertainment Both public and user-created entertainment venues will be built in the virtual world, including 3D games, NFT galleries, and sports centers. Players can enjoy their second life here. BLOG NFT Day: Celebrating the Journey from Namecoin to ERC-721 to Flow Blockchain. 09-21 Did you know that the first version of a non-fungible token (NFT) was created inMay 2014? “Quantum,” stored on the blockchain — a fork of Bitcoin — provided away for users to store data within transactions on the&nbsp;network.Quantum — Kevin&nbsp;McCoyFast forward to today, and the NFT landscape has significantly evolved. From theearly days with “Quantum,” we’ve seen the introduction of new standards thathave greatly changed how people choose to invest in digital&nbsp;assets.NFT DayToday is NFT Day, marking 6 years since the creation of the Non-Fungible Token(NFT) standard known as ERC-721. This standard introduced the capability totrack individual tokens through the required use of a variable labeled‘tokenID.’ This update enabled the unique identification of tokens, eliminatingthe fungibility associated with previous standards like ERC-20, which iscommonly used for fungible&nbsp;tokens.ERC721 Contract example — ‘tokenID’ must&nbsp;exist.Standards are introduced in a manner similar to how upgrades are made toBitcoin, through the use of Improvement Proposals known as EIPs. EthereumImprovement Proposals are suggested changes to the network that come from thecommunity. These proposals undergo a process of review, discussion, and eitherapproval or denial before being included in a network protocol&nbsp;update.For more information about Token Standards on Ethereum, please visit:Proposed on the 24th of January 2018, had a straightforward summary thatintroduced “A standard interface for non-fungible tokens, also known as deeds.”This proposal not only gained significant traction but also first coined theterm&nbsp;“NFT.”Since added to the network, the standard has become exceptionally popular. Datashows that from January 1st, 2020, to July 26, 2023, more than 169,000¹ ERC-721contracts were created, averaging 132 new contracts per&nbsp;day.NFT (ERC-721) smart contracts deployed on ETH mainnet (Dune Analytics, @jacbo25)The proposal outlined various use cases of ownership tokenization, such&nbsp;as: * Tangible assets like real estate and one-of-a-kind artworks * Digital collectibles like unique kitten images and trading&nbsp;cards * Liabilities like loans and other obligationsWhile the majority of NFT contracts have been for the creation of image-basedcollections, such as PFPs to the liking of , the use cases have certainlyextended beyond just jpgs. Below are some of those uses, each with paired withan&nbsp;example: * Virtual Real Estate: * Access Passes to Exclusive Content: * Decentralized Finance: * Decentralized Applications (dApps): * Gaming: * Event Ticketing:Flow Blockchain LogoFlow BlockchainAs a part of NFT Day, it’s also important for us to highlight Flow blockchain,created by Dapper Labs, and one of our first blockchains of choice forMatrix&nbsp;World.Dapper Labs, was founded in February 2018 by Roham Gharegozlou, Dieter Shirley,and Mack Flavelle, and those who may recognize the name, Dieter was also a keycontributor to the ERC-721 proposal — Non-Fungible Token Standard.Flow blockchain is designed to be user-friendly and easily scalable, making itan ideal platform for both developers and consumers. Its unique structure allowsit to handle a large number of users without compromising on security orbecoming too complex. For developers, Flow offers a simplified coding language(Cadence), and tools that make it easier to create apps and digital assets. Foreveryday users, it provides a smooth transition from traditional currency todigital assets. Overall, Flow aims to make blockchain technology more accessibleand efficient for mainstream adoption.Through their ease of onboarding and impressive rate of transactions per second,Dapper Labs, the creators of Flow, has also secured significant partnershipswith some of those the biggest names in entertainment including, NBA, NFL, UFC,MotoGP, Ticketmaster and Mattel. At the end of 2022, Flow had seen significantgrowth with 17.5 million accounts created, a 4.9x year-over-year increase. Ithas also processed 300 million transactions to date, a 3.5x year-over-yearincrease, and has the highest number of all-time NFT transactions among anyblockchain.Source:To learn more about Flow Blockchain — FLOW HQ Inside Matrix&nbsp;WorldMatrix WorldFor those who may not be familiar, Matrix World is a multichain metaverse thatwas initially launched on the Ethereum and Flow blockchains on October 15,&nbsp;2021.The development team, , has been exploring the concept of a multichain metaversesince 2018, making it a unique and core feature of Matrix World. The team hasalso published a research paper titled “An Interoperable Avatar Framework acrossMultiple Games and Blockchains,” which was accepted by IEEE INFOCOM, a highlyregarded computer science conference. View this paper here — The Matrix team is currently working on infrastructure, including softwaredevelopment kits (SDKs) that enable easy integration of other blockchains. Thiseffort aims to extend the value proposition of Matrix World to communitiesoutside of our current blockchains of&nbsp;choice.From the successful mint in October 2021 to now, we have seen significantchanges in Matrix World. This includes a $5.5M funding round, multiplepartnerships, additional hiring, updated avatars/artwork, and most recently, thelaunch of our Pioneer build for landowners.As we look to the future, Matrix Labs is keenly following the advancements inWeb3. With our finger on the pulse, we aim to keep Matrix World at the forefrontof innovation.About Matrix&nbsp;WorldMatrix World, inaugurated in 2021 by its parent company Matrix Labs, stands asone of the first multichain metaverses of its kind. Matrix World was conceivedwith a focus on accessibility, therefore not confining developers and end-usersto a single blockchain. Each parcel is powered by its unique computationalcapabilities and storage resources, giving users complete control over what isconstructed and the lifecycle of the objects on their land. In February 2022,Matrix World successfully secured $5.5M from 17 investors during an angel-roundfunding at a $50M valuation, thereby strengthening the growth and development ofthe Matrix World&nbsp;project.To learn more about Matrix World or get in contact, please visit thelinks&nbsp;below:Sources:[1]: NFT (ERC-721) smart contracts deployed on ETH mainnet (Septemeber 05 2023) LEARN MORE How Matrix Labs is Integrating AI into Matrix World 08-24 As the use of artificial intelligence (AI) becomes increasingly more popular ineveryday life, Matrix World aims to stand at the forefront of this emergingtechnology, pushing the boundaries of what an interactive metaverse can&nbsp;be.UoA Receptionist AI&nbsp;ChatBotThe founders of Matrix World, , have an extensive academic background in AI,with both master’s and Ph.D. degrees in computer&nbsp;science.While there has been a recent uptick in interest in general-use AI applicationslike ChatGPT, Matrix Labs was already developing products to enhance internalworkflow efficiency and user experience. Their initiatives included automatingroutine development tasks, documentation summarization and organization, andfraud detection using pattern recognition and anomaly detection.Thanks to recent advancements in AI infrastructure from third-party services andopen-source resources, the team can extend and customize their current solutionsat a faster&nbsp;rate.&gt; We continuously monitor the AI landscape, adjusting our workflows and product&gt; offerings to ensure Matrix World stays ahead of the curve, delivering the most&gt; cutting-edge AI and web3 experiences for our users.&gt; - Xinyao (Alvin) Sun, Co-Founder and Chief Scientific OfficerXinyao (Alvin) Sun presenting the University of Alberta ChatBot to UoAexecutives.With user experience and keeping at the forefront of emerging technologicaladvancements as top priorities, Matrix World doesn’t aim to incorporate AI justfor the sake of having AI. Instead, it’s to plan ahead, considering how AI canenhance or improve the user experience in ways not yet seen in the industry.One way this can be utilized is through immersive storytelling that adapts andevolves alongside the project and its audience. This offers users an opportunityto engage in ways they’ve never experienced before. They might choose tochallenge it, cooperate with it, or even canonize their adventures. Our goal isfor the AI to be as lifelike as possible, with desires and needs that motivateplayers to explore new avenues, free from the static, repetitive promptstypically found in standard Non-playable characters (NPC) — which we will alsoincorporate.&gt; AI can push conversations forward that other humans, who don’t have the&gt; patience for it or have other objectives, just won’t do. The metaverse is&gt; going to feel awkward for some folks. AI can help them feel more at home.&gt; - Michael Grills, Product&nbsp;DirectorModels for the new Matrix &amp; Flow chatbots — Subject to&nbsp;change.In an upcoming release accessible to landowners, the team will unveil an AIreceptionist feature for the Flow network, University of Alberta, and MatrixWorld. This feature harnesses the capabilities of Large Language Model (LLM)chatbot services, each specifically tailored to respond to inquiries based oncustomized knowledge sets. Subsequent to this, in a future public release, weaim to integrate AI NPCs to ensure a welcoming first experience for users,regardless of their prior metaverse or web3 experience.Custom ChatBot&nbsp;workflowAs shown above, the custom ChatBot is provided with curated online referencesthat are then scraped for data to create a semantic index and linked to theoriginal resources. The user can then ask the ChatBot any questions related tothe topic and will receive a curated response.The same ChatBot technology was recently presented to the University of Albertaexecutives, tailored specifically for the needs of their Computer Sciencedepartment within our newly developed ‘University Park’. For more information onthis demonstration and the vision for University Park, please refer to ourarticle on&nbsp;Medium.As the team pushes forward to create a metaverse that is welcoming to the massesand engages in unseen ways, we are focused on using AI to foster an organicexperience that encourages participation. We strongly believe that the role ofAI will extend beyond non-playable characters, and our team is leveraging itsexpertise and experience to reach this goal. We can’t wait for our users toenter the world and truly experience the power of&nbsp;AI.About Matrix&nbsp;WorldMatrix World, inaugurated in 2021 by its parent company Matrix Labs, stands asone of the first multichain metaverses of its kind. Matrix World was conceivedwith a focus on accessibility, therefore not confining developers and end-usersto a single blockchain. Each parcel is powered by its unique computationalcapabilities and storage resources, giving users complete control over what isconstructed and the lifecycle of the objects on their land. In February 2022,Matrix World successfully secured $5.5M from 17 investors during an angel-roundfunding at a $50M valuation, thereby strengthening the growth and development ofthe Matrix World&nbsp;project.To learn more about Matrix World or get in contact, please visit thelinks&nbsp;below: LEARN MORE A Leap into the 3D Future of Education 07-21 University of Alberta Joins Matrix World’s University Park!University of Alberta replica&nbsp;buildingOn July 12th, Xinyao (Alvin) Sun, the co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer(CSO) of Matrix World, and Rahul Vyas, a Matrix Labs intern from the MultimediaResearch Center, presented Matrix World’s 3D immersive metaverse to variousstaff members at the University of Alberta&nbsp;(UoA).As part of the presentation, the team demonstrated two replica University ofAlberta buildings, a curated artificial intelligence receptionist, and customavatar outfits in line with the UoA branding. The attendees included theUniversity President, College Dean, Dean of the Faculty of Science, AssociateDean of Research in the Faculty of Science, and the Chair of Computer&nbsp;Science.Xinyao (Alvin) Sun presenting to University of Alberta&nbsp;staffThis presentation and integration represent part of a bigger vision for MatrixWorld, as it’s the first building to be added to the new University Park. TheUniversity Park aims to provide universities with a means of connecting withstudents beyond physical boundaries, offering high-quality education worldwidein a flexible, engaging learning environment. Adding the UoA building forms theinitial stage of showing how Matrix World can serve as an immersive,interactive, and globally accessible platform for education.&gt; By integrating a virtual presence for research labs and industry&gt; professionals, University Park facilitates direct collaboration between&gt; students and the industry. This interaction allows students to work on&gt; real-world industry R&amp;D projects as part of their studies, providing&gt; invaluable experience and high-quality personnel (HQP) training- Xinyao&gt; (Alvin)&nbsp;SunUniversity of Alberta replica buildingsThrough an ongoing relationship between Matrix World and the academic community,notably the at the University of Alberta, coupled with Alvin’s involvement indelivering guest lectures on Blockchain technology since 2019 to the and MatrixWorld’s provision of course projects, internships, and job opportunities, it’sfitting to integrate the University of Alberta as the first university intoMatrix&nbsp;World.A key highlight of this tour was the debut of our Artificial Intelligence (AI)ChatBot. This interactive service was custom-built to support the needs of theUniversity of Alberta, answering questions users might have about the ComputerScience Department. The team continues exploring ways to use AI in the futurebuilds of Matrix World; landowners will be able to experience the ChatBot in thecoming months as we look to add the UoA buildings to the Flow section ofMatrix&nbsp;World.UofA Receptionist ChatBot&gt; The goal of the University of Alberta (UoA) building within Matrix World is to&gt; pioneer the next generation of educational experiences by utilizing the&gt; potential of 3D web applications. The vision is to create a virtual space that&gt; enhances information gathering, presentation, and content creation beyond what&gt; traditional 2D web applications can offer- Xinyao (Alvin)&nbsp;SunMatrix World will continue working closely with the Multimedia Research Labs toadd additional features to the UoA building within Matrix World. The teamreceived feedback during the demonstration from some of the university executiveteam on potential directions, including integrating real-time data and providingcampus tours and demonstrations.Xinyao (Alvin) Sun and Rahul Vyas demonstrating inside Matrix World (picturedFlow&nbsp;HQ)The team hopes this can serve as an example of what is possible in the world,not limited to education alone, inspiring other sectors to explore how to stepinto their own 3D environment and establish a deeper connection with theircommunity.About Matrix&nbsp;WorldMatrix World, inaugurated in 2021 by its parent company Matrix Labs, stands asone of the first multichain metaverses of its kind. Matrix World was conceivedwith a focus on accessibility, therefore not confining developers and end-usersto a single blockchain. Each parcel is powered by its unique computationalcapabilities and storage resources, giving users complete control over what isconstructed and the lifecycle of the objects on their land. In February 2022,Matrix World successfully secured $5.5M from 17 investors during an angel-roundfunding at a $50M valuation, thereby strengthening the growth and development ofthe Matrix World&nbsp;project.To learn more about Matrix World or get in contact, please visit thelinks&nbsp;below: LEARN MORE VIEW ALL BLOGS OUR COLLABORATORS OUR INVESTORS MATRIX@2023 OUTLINE Map Profile ABOUT Whitepaper FAQ Blog LINKS OpenSea Matrix Market 