 [uk-sticky]&quot;}"> .js-accordion"> Open Dashboard Welcome About MAXX Roadmap Blog Documentation Features Staking Rewards MAXX Freeclaim MAXX Airdrop Winners Liquidity Amplifier Referral System Utility NFTs MAXX Genesis MAXX Boost MAXX OG Community Twitter Telegram Discord Medium YouTube [uk-sticky]&quot;,&quot;boundary&quot;:&quot;.tm-header .uk-navbar-container&quot;}"> Open Dashboard Welcome About MAXX Roadmap Blog Documentation Features Staking Rewards MAXX Freeclaim MAXX Airdrop Winners Liquidity Amplifier Referral System Utility NFTs MAXX Genesis MAXX Boost MAXX OG Community [uk-sticky]&quot;,&quot;mode&quot;:&quot;hover&quot;,&quot;pos&quot;:&quot;bottom-center&quot;}"> Twitter Telegram Discord Medium YouTube Launch Dapp A high yield staking dapp is finally here The first fair launched time-locked staking system on the blockchain. High yield protected by deflationary measures &amp; backed by validator nodes. Open Dashboard Buy $MAXX on QuickSwap $MAXX is now live on QuickSwap! Audited &amp; KYC by Launching on Launching Soon MAXX Ecosystem StakeMAXX Earn sustainable passive rewards by time locking in our innovative gamified smart contracts. DAO Governance Self-sustainable community driven MAXXVault with onchain voting. Sustainability Mathematically programmed rewards through carefully balanced tokenomics. Utility The protocol is asset backed to protect from even the worst conditions in the market. MAXX Finance Token Launch Schedule MAXX is launching in three stages over the coming months We start with a huge airdrop, allowing thousands of DeFi users to Free Claim some MAXX Tokens Stage 1 Free Claim Experience our protocol risk-free! Claim your share of free $MAXX tokens to be autostaked for 1-year, earning bonuses and a high-yield APY along the way Simply hold coins on any of the above networks to claim your free $MAXX Claim MAXX Free Stage 2 Liquidity Amplifier Sacrifice stage By launching through a sacrifice event, each person has the chance of a fair share of the token supply over the 40 day period Not only is this method morally sound, but also creates a whaleless and truly fair token distribution Now Complete Stage 3 Mainnet launch Token deployed to Uniswap After the liquidity amplifier stage, the $MAXX token will deploy on mainnet and bolstered by liquidity on decentralized exchanges All tokens reserved in stage 2 will be claimable, and users will be free to trade and stake their tokens NOW LIVE! Now Live on QuickSwap Project Roadmap 2022 - Q2 Tokenomics Planning ✓ We have been carefully testing and simulating our tokenomics Development Begins ✓ Smart Contract specification and coding commenced Pre-Flight Checklist ✓ Preparing our Brand Identity, Marketing strategies and website etc 2022 - Q3 Community Building ✓ Reached the goal of 25,000 whitelisted users MAXX Genesis Giveaway ✓ 5,000 codes distributed to users to claim a MAXX Genesis NFT Smart Contract Audits ✓ Full Audits of the Smart Contract done by third party companies 2022 - Q4 Complete QA Testing ✓ Internal and public community testing will take place Liquidity Amplifier ✓ Participants will be able to reserve their share of 20bn MAXX Tokens Free Claim Airdrop ✓ Live Now The project will launch with the FreeClaim and Liquidity Amplifier events 2023 - Q1 MAXX Boost Giveaway ✓ 120 x MAXX Boost NFTs awarded to lucky Amplifier participants Main Launch ✓ Live Now The $MAXX Token is now live on QuickSwap for trading and Staking is Live! MAXX Vault Launch The vault is a community-managed treasury, with the tokens locked behind a DAO. MAXX Play Launch An exciting addition to the ecosystem where users can win $MAXX MAXX MarketPlace Allow users to list their stakes for sale via a custom Marketplace 06 October 2023 In the fast-paced world of cryptocurrency trading, volatility is a constant challenge that can be… 22 May 2023 MAXX Progression To DeFi 02 February 2023 MAXX on QuickSwap 20 December 2022 Amplifier Pre-Sale Launched 18 December 2022 MAXX is LIVE! 28 November 2022 MAXX Amplifier Preperation! 21 November 2022 MAXX Network Test Successful 12 November 2022 Getting ready for MAXX Testnet 07 November 2022 MAXX Public Testnet &amp; Airdrop! 01 November 2022 The Superior DeFi Protocol Older Articles View more on Medium.com Ready to get started? MAXX Finance is launching very soon, get ready! Social Telegram Twitter Discord Reddit Instagram Facebook Features Staking Airdrop Genesis NFT MAXX Token Read the docs Press Brand Assets Medium.com YouTube MAXX Status MAXX Contract Address 0x6d9c0b104e5af90a6d11a13eb77288e533333301 Buy on QuickSwap View all Contracts CoinGecko CoinMarketCap Status | Terms &amp; Conditions | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer © 2023 MAXX Finance. All rights reserved. 