 Marketplace Silver Token Bundles available to purchase Happening&nbsp;in: Play Now Get $Mee Stake $Mee Factions Marketplace Land Community Facebook DIscord Instagram Twitter Telegram Youtube Support Faq DIscord Telegram About Me Team Whitepaper News Marketplace Tokenomics Land sale III MARKETPLACE IV LAND I COMMUNITY Facebook DIscord Instagram Twitter Telegram Youtube II SUPPORT Faq DIscord Telegram III News IV WHITEPAPER V TEAM VI Tokenomics VII Land sale VIII Stake $MEE Get $Mee Stake $Mee Play Now Watch Gameplay A single man changes the course of History Explore the world Build your empire Lead your forces Engin Altan Düzyatan Producer, Turkish Film &amp; Television Actor Engin Altan Düzyatan, the award-winning actor, who rose to international fame for his role as Ertugrul Bey, is the face of Ertugrul in Medieval Empires. With a massively successful acting career and winning numerous prestigious awards, Engin will be reviving his most beloved character, this time, on the game screen. With Altan’s association, Medieval Empires is set to become a game fitting of the legendary Ertugrul, and the historical legacy associated with him. Players will get the true feel of reliving some of the most action-packed and iconic events in history, right through the eyes of Ertugrul himself! World Renowned Movie and TV Star World Renowned Movie and TV Star Engin Altan Düzyatan As Ertuğrul Ghazi Read Bio Engin Altan Düzyatan Famous Turkish actor Medieval Empires is an elaborate, multi-player online strategy game that is set in the Levant region in the late 13th century. The storyline of the game focuses on Ertuğrul Gazi, a tribal warrior and a celebrated leader of the Kayi tribe. Medieval Empires is being built on the Polygon blockchain as it provides several great features, including player reach, developer ecosystem, low gas fees, security, and speed. In addition to that, it is also eco-friendly, as compared to Ethereum and Bitcoin. The game will be available on PC (Windows), MAC (OSX), and Mobile (iOS and Android), with all platforms being fully interoperable. In the game, Ertuğrul Gazi, played by Engin Altan Düzyatan, will face off against the future King Edward 1st aka Edward Longshanks aka Hammer of the Scots, who is expanding a successful 9th Crusade across Europe to the Holy Land. The game is set in a passive PvE area and starts with players building towns through trading, fighting, and forging alliances. Goals for players include daily missions, general tasks, and story missions, with progression based on the successful completion of these tasks and missions. The future of the game will bring in new leaders and regions for the players to explore and progress in. In addition to the Longshanks Crusaders and Turkish Tribes, new factions will be integrated into the game in the near future, including the Mongols and many more. Join millions of players while building, exploring and conquering land, fortune and glory in a blockchain powered historical world, filled with exciting opportunities to play and own! Read more Video Gallery New Gameplay update ⚔️ Town View and Province View WIP ✖ Engin Altan Düzyatan - Ask ME Anything - Medieval Empires ✖ How will the core game mechanics work in Medieval Empires? ✖ More videos Choose your side - forge your path! Choose your side - forge your path! READ MORE 2 /4 READ MORE 2 /4 READ MORE 2 /4 READ MORE 2 /4 1/4 Kayi Tribe Nomads from the hills of Anatolia, the Turkish tribes are a fearsome infantry, known for their stealthy and ruthless nature. Their most dangerous weapon is the harquebus, which can lay waste to the Mongols cavalry and the Crusader knights alike. Nomads from the hills of Anatolia, the Turkish tribes are a fearsome infantry, known for their stealthy and ruthless nature. Their most dangerous weapon is the harquebus, which can lay waste to the Mongols cavalry and the Crusader knights alike. Under the leadership of Ertugrul Ghazi and the brave men of Kayi, they will never back down, never surrender - fighting for their homeland and honour! English Crusaders Crusader armies, possessing the advantage of disciplined and well-armoured knights, also contained heavy cavalry, infantry and ranged troops such as archers or crossbowmen. Crusader armies, possessing the advantage of disciplined and well-armoured knights, also contained heavy cavalry, infantry and ranged troops such as archers or crossbowmen. Under the leadership of Edward I, aka Edward Longshanks, the crusaders shall not rest until expanding their empire to the Holy Land and beyond. Mongol Hordes Hailing from mysterious lands, the Mongols are the most feared army of their time. A force of nature, their mounted archers are the backbone of their strength. They use psychological warfare to terrorise their opponents, and spread plagues to weaken fortified cities. Hailing from mysterious lands, the Mongols are the most feared army of their time. A force of nature, their mounted archers are the backbone of their strength. They use psychological warfare to terrorise their opponents, and spread plagues to weaken fortified cities. Only victory and conquest brings them the glory they seek, and they will use any means to crush their enemies. An immersive experience awaits in the world of Medieval Empires Smart NFTs and on-chain gamification paired with captivating gameplay to ensure a robust Play and Own focus. Play and Own Gameplay Build towns, fight off invaders, raise armies and recruit heroes while exploring and conquering lands in this grand strategy experience based in the Medieval times. Build, Conquer and Prosper Players buy land to become the “Beys” or “Lords” forging realms that leave a lasting mark on the world. PvP and PvE territories change ownership as the world within the game keeps on expanding. Lands of endless opportunities Some NFTs aren’t just digital but physical as well! These real-world unique items are sent to players as collector items, as well as unlock the gateways to exclusive events within the game as well as in the real world. Physical &amp; Digital NFTs with Utility Sneak peek into the world of Medieval Empires 4 PHOTOS 4 3 2 1 1 2 3 4 1 /4 2 /4 3 /4 4 /4 Meet Our Tribe Moritz Voss Chief Technology Officer Joaquim Royo Art Lead Qing Guan Chief Product Officer Felix Hartung-Hespelt Game Design Director View the whole tribe News &amp; Updates Interviews Get to Know the ME Team: Olga Kidora-Grybelna | QA Engineer 18 August 2023 Interviews Get to Know the ME Team: Oliver Stephan | Senior 3D Character Rigging &amp; Animation Artist 11 August 2023 Gameplay updates Everything you need to know about the Silver Token in Medieval Empires 14 August 2023 More news Moritz Chief Technology Officer Moritz is a game industry veteran with almost 20 years of experience in the business, having proudly shipped more than 30 titles on a spectrum ranging from hardcore strategy and city builders to puzzle and arcade games. As an alumnus of King.com, HandyGames, and 5th Planet, Moritz has led and inspired game studios to embrace disruptive transformations and futuristic technologies. Moritz is now applying his massive skill set in technology to bring Medieval Empires to life. He is well on the path to innovate GameFi and gameplay while making the best, most ethical and creative use of blockchains for the ultimate gaming experience! Joaquim Art Lead Joaquim is a Spanish-born artist with 36 years of experience in the entertainment and video game industry. With a PhD in Fine Arts from the University of Barcelona, Joaquim has a profound passion in drawing, painting and video game design. He has previously worked in the Feature Animation department with Walt Disney on popular movies such as Tarzan, Atlantis the Lost Empire, Tarzan II, A Goofy Movie, Runaway Brain, The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Hercules. With Medieval Empires, Joaquim intends to bring his vast experience in visual development, animation and art direction to the blockchain gaming industry to create an extraordinary and magnificent game world. His knowledge and expertise will help build the world of Ertugrul into a true spectacle! Qing Chief Product Officer Qing is a veteran in mobile gaming and digital services along the rise of the smartphone industry. He worked on many brands that are familiar to consumers such as the Candy Crush franchise, N26 bank, and Ada Health. He has a vast experience working in start-ups, disruptive tech companies and Unicorns across disciplines, building high performance teams that have a great business impact. As the Chief Product Officer for Medieval Empires, Qing will be applying his remarkable expertise in product management to collaborate with a team of ambitious and accomplished engineers, artists and designers, aiming to make Medieval Empires the next big success story in the blockchain gaming industry! Felix Game Design Director Felix has more than 15 years of game design experience in browser and mobile games within a genre range from strategy, RPG and simulation, puzzles, and even hyper casual games. He has worked at big names in the industry such as Wooga and Huuuge, and possesses a mindset driven by numbers and analytics. At Medieval Empires, Felix is using his exceptional game design skills to create a game universe that will take gamers on a historical journey and give them countless action-packed, thrilling gameplay options. By designing exciting missions, tasks and events in the strategy game, Felix is geared up to create an unforgettable experience for the gaming community! Jan Chief Executive Officer Jan has worked in various markets and IT companies such as Accenture and Atos for over 20 years. With a master’s degree in management and IT, he has established himself as a structured and methodical business expert who has led successful IT teams across different companies. Now, Jan is bringing his strong leadership skills, along with his IT prowess into the metaverse by stepping into the world of blockchain gaming. Applying his extensive expertise in IT, management and blockchain technology, Jan is set to make Medieval Empires into a high-growth and prosperous venture! Assad Chief Visionary Officer &amp; Co-Founder Meet Assad Dar, Co-founder and Chief Visionary Officer of Medieval Empires – helming a cutting-edge mid-core strategy game that's set to revolutionize the gaming world. With over 15 years of experience in the digital arena, he has been leading organizations into the future with one goal in mind: to drive positive change, profitability, and process improvement. From implementing global strategies to digital transformation, marketing, and go-to-market strategies, Assad knows how to get results. He's a master of change, leading teams and departments through transitions with ease, and his areas of expertise are truly mind-blowing. Blockchain technology, game development, information technology, program and project management, leadership and team management, digital transformation and marketing, business and strategy planning, market analysis and research, and change management – Assad has proven experience of delivering results in all of these areas. He has worked with conglomerates worth multi-billions and startups on both global and local levels. His focused approach to drive ROI, attract more customers, and grow revenue is exemplary and we at Medieval Empires are glad to have him at our helm. Engin Turkish Film &amp; Television Actor &amp; Producer Engin Altan Düzyatan, the award-winning actor, is the face of Ertugrul in Medieval Empires. Engin will be reviving his most beloved character, this time, on the game screen. With Engin’s association, Medieval Empires is set to become a game fitting of the legendary Ertugrul, and the historical legacy associated with him. Players will get the true feel of reliving some of the most action-packed and iconic events in history, right through the eyes of Ertugrul himself! Carl Angel Investor Carl, also known as ‘The Moon’ is an Angel Investor in MoonGaming, the parent company behind Medieval Empires. He is a serial entrepreneur who has invested in more than 300 blockchain-based startups and has been featured in the Top 30 Under 30 list by Forbes. The crypto evangelist has also been featured in top business publications such as CNBC, Business Insider, Coin Telegraph and Tech Telegraph UK. Carl is also a well-known speaker, a respected philanthropist and a multimillionaire crypto expert who has a massive social media influence. With more than 2 million followers across YouTube, Twitter and Instagram, Carl is already well on his way to be a frontrunner in the mass adoption of blockchain technologies and crypto currencies. Oliver Crypto Game Advisor / Commercial Officer Lockwood Publishing Ltd Oliver has more than 20 years of experience in marketing and advertising, including with industry giants such as Rovio and Wargaming. He is a mobile marketing guru that has helped many app companies achieve tremendous success. He has marketed hundreds of casual, core, and MMO games in the online and mobile space and currently serves as Chief Commercial Officer at Lockwood Publishing, the creator of the virtual 3D world AVAKIN LIFE. Josh Managing Director of Andromeda Capital Josh is the Managing Director of Andromeda Capital and a senior partner at Latitude Blockchain Services. He has worked as a strategist and advisor on more than 35 crypto projects and his experience and acumen provides key insights on market conditions, messaging, and how to avoid crucial mistakes. Josh also specializes in post-launch strategy to help create stronger, more active communities. As an early-stage strategic investor in well over two-hundred startups, Josh has procured a trusted network of industry heavyweights, influencers and developers to guide synergistic partnerships and collaborations. Justin Former COO Decentraland Advisor Justin has over 20 years of production and operations experience. He was instrumental in developing RuneScape while at Jagex and was an integral part of their success story. Justin also ran operations at Lockwood Publishing for several years, working on Avakin Life, a successful mobile free-to-play metaverse. Recently, he served as COO at Decentraland, responsible for scaling their operations against the product’s success and supporting the team in defining future strategies. Hüseyin Professor of History / PhD&nbsp;from Harvard University Hüseyin Yılmaz is an associate professor in history at George Mason University. He received his PhD from Harvard University in History and Middle Eastern Studies in 2005. He previously taught at Stanford University and the University of South Florida. He has worked at the Internationales Forschungszentrum Kulturwissenschaften in Vienna and the International University of Sarajevo as a research fellow and visiting scholar. His research interests include state formation, geographic imageries, and social movements of the early Ottoman Empire and the Anatolian Seljuks, 1100-1600. He is the author of Caliphate Redefined: The Mystical Turn in Ottoman Political Thought (Princeton University Press, 2018). Ararat Jewelry Designer Ararat Arpaci is an exceptionally talented and internationally acclaimed artist, who is famous for his unique, handcrafted jewelry designs. From an early age, Ararat started learning about traditional jewelry skills in the Grand Bazaar of Istanbul, giving him this opportunity to work with accomplished jewel experts and well-known designers. Ararat aims to introduce his amazing artistry to everyone and become a global name by crafting rare NFT rings which will bring NFT utility into the physical world from the virtual realm of video games. DaVinci Jeremie Angel Investor DaVinci Jeremie is one of the key investors in Medieval Empires. He is a famous Bitcoin enthusiast and early crypto adopter. He earned his popularity in recent years when the video of him advising to "just buy $1 worth of Bitcoin" nine years ago suddenly resurfaced and quickly gained more than four million views on Youtube. Other than being a savvy crypto investor, he is also a self-educated software developer, enterprise level system designer, and extensive bitcoin architecture knowledge, with the knowledge of coding in many software languages with key efficiencies in Delphi, C++, SQL and C#. our notable partners Featured on Buy Silver bundles ‍ XL Silver Bundle Pack Items in bundle 500,000 Silvers Price: $450 Buy now L Silver Bundle Pack Items in bundle 200,000 Silvers Price: $200 Buy now M Silver Bundle Pack Items in bundle 100,000 Silvers Price: $100 Buy now S Silver Bundle Pack Items in bundle 50,000 Silvers Price: $50 Buy now XS Silver Bundle Pack Items in bundle 10,000 Silvers Price: $10 Buy now Join our #MedievalEmpires Online Community! Stay up to date about our game, airdrops, giveaways and more Sign up FOR our EXCLUSIVE EMAIL UPDATES Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. News Faq Marketplace Land Community Team Land Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Conditions Whitepaper Team Tokenomics Land sale Marketplace News Faq TEAM MARKETPLACE LAND Marketplace COMMUNITY SUPPORT Tokenomics Land sale Land Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Conditions PRIVACY POLICY TERMS &amp; CONDITIONS WHITEPAPER Medieval Empires pte. LTD, 2022 The existing and planned versions of the Medieval Empires game are a fictionalised depiction of certain historical figures and historical periods. The source historical content on which the game is based, which it does and will depict, are in the public domain. This game and its content have no affiliation or connection to any existing television, radio, or other media content depicting the same or similar historical events or figures. The game and all related content (including promotional content), copyright and other rights property of Medieval Empires Pte Ltd are used under license from the lawful owners. ✖ We use cookies to optimize site performance, enhance user experience, and measure site usage and our marketing efforts. Manage my preferences Cookies When you visit our websites, they may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. You can change your preferences below. Manage Cookies Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close 