 About About us LIS Token Roadmap Litepaper Games Marketplace Support Blog Log in Sign up New Tournament in merge games launch in Monetize the value of your units and build a collection from rare to supreme Only crypto cats can be better than cats Merge cute pets, collect LIS Token and win prizes Meet mysterious dragons, complete daily quests and get LIS rewards Get a break with the cute and funny Crypto Foxes Your achievements will be rewarded The most expected game of the whole crypto community You will recognize your favorite memes in our characters. Monetize the value of your units and build a collection from rare to supreme Only crypto cats can be better than cats Merge cute pets, collect LIS Token and win prizes Our games Enjoy interesting gameplay and get valuable currency Crypto Cats 120 943 reviews Crypto Dragons 122 433 reviews Crypto Fox 1 080 reviews Crypto DOGE 92 reviews On board Certik Our smart contract is audited by leading blockchain security expert Certik. We have taken into account all recommendations so that you can be confident in the security of your transactions. Learn more Our Mission Mass Adoption through Gaming Creating the bridge between WEB 2 platforms and WEB 3 world 100 millions installs in 5 years Loading... What is important to us Simplicity We simplify blockchain through games creating fun apps with simple mechanics and following users step-by-step. We give users interesting games, and then they native dive into crypto. Utility We want to transform the market and give more value to players. In our games, users don't just interact with the blockchain, they use it by making in-game purchases with LIS tokens and fighting with NFT units in battle. Competitive advantages We are the bridge between games and the blockchain world. Realis makes it possible to use blockchain technology by simply enjoying the gameplay. Valuable Currency LIS Token - valuable in-game currency that users can get and use in our games, as well as withdraw it into wallets and exchanges. Gaming Games first, everything else the next. We believe if the game isn’t interesting, blockchain will be not interesting too. That is why we are focusing on game design and retention rate. Utility NFT We are against JPEG NFTs. Our NFTs have real utility and we think that it's the future. Our audience is already more than Loading... Latest articles Loading... Visit the Realis Community To receive the latest news, participate in contests and exchange information with other fans of our games. Telegram Ask general questions and chat with the worldwide community on Telegram. Twitter Follow @realisnetwork to get the latest news and updates from across the ecosystem. Email Our mail for personal questions about cooperation and others. About LIS Token Litepaper Games Marketplace Blog About LIS Token Litepaper Games Marketplace Blog Support Privacy Policy Terms of Use Realis Digital Services. Save Vukovića 9, stan 2, Serbia. © All Rights Reserved 2023. Support Privacy Policy Terms of Use We use cookies to improve user experience. You can read more about our Cookie Policy in our Privacy policy Yes, I agree 