 About Gamers Governance Support Staking The future of gaming is bright. On Beam. Watch announcement As a DAO, our mission is to revolutionize gaming &nbsp;by empowering individuals to play a role in shaping its future. Highlight Introducing beam , a blockchain for gamers built and designed with gamers in mind. Read the announcement Changing the rules of the game Through ownership and rewarding merit, games are now governed by the players. The industry is shifting towards a transparent, dynamic and participatory ecosystem empowering everyone involved. We’re building a vertically integrated gaming DAO We are maximizing treasury value through early stage investments, NFT strategies and yield farming. Our studios arm aims to publish creative projects and actively develop and incubate new projects. We’re creating an engaging and rewarding community for the gaming industry by offering games, industry education and practical tools. Providing the essential infrastructure for the future of the gaming industry through our cornerstone products like Beam and Sphere. "It’s exciting to realize we’re on the verge of an industry that’s bound to change. Positioning ourselves the right way will help us thrive in the future." Marco van den Heuvel, CGO We’re working with the best games web3 has to offer Explore the variety of games we are playing across the gaming industry including everything from exciting first-person shooters, MMORPGs and MOBAs to competitive card battlers. Discover all games Games we're playing Live Vulcan Verse MMORPG View website Live Axie Infinity MMORPG View website Live Elfin Kingdom MMORPG View website Live Sidus Heroes RPG View website Live Crypto Raiders Dungeon crawler View website Upcoming Sipher RPG View website Upcoming Nyan Heroes MMORPG View website Upcoming Fancy Birds MMORPG View website Upcoming Big Time MMORPG View website Upcoming MixMob MMORPG View website Upcoming Hash Rush Strategy View website Upcoming Heroes of Mavia Strategy View website Upcoming WonderHero Mobile RPG View website Upcoming Mob land RPG View website Upcoming Metalcore View website Upcoming Ascenders View website Upcoming A Far Away Realm (AFAR) Free-To-Play View website Upcoming Illuvium RPG View website Upcoming Drunk Robots RPG View website Upcoming The Lords of Light Trading Card Game View website We’re building a house for all of our gaming activities Our gaming platform will help shape the gaming industry. We will be the portal taking avid gamers into the GameFi industry and showing them exactly what web3 has to offer. Explore the platform Meet Edenhorde, our own flagship NFT project Visit website All managed through a DAO Merit Circle is a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) where every single person that holds MC tokens has voting rights to decide on our future. Learn more about the DAO The Merit Circle DAO Learn more The Voting Platform Go to Snapshot Governance Forum Go to Forum Highlight The treasury status of the DAO, transparently displayed in a dashboard. Visit the dashboard Powered by the Merit Circle token, your bet on the future of web3 gaming Owning the MC token allows you to participate in the next wave of gaming. Stake your tokens, and increase your voting power. Merit Circle Token merit-circle price data chart $MC Price $0.33 Staking Stats Staking APY 181.69% Total Amount Staked $23,239,971.85 Learn more Staking Module Learn more Recent news Keep up to date. The Merit Circle newsletter keeps you up to date with what’s going on in our Metaverse. Subscribe This signs you up to our Substack. We won’t spam you. Misc Staking Uniswap Binance PancakeSwap About Overview About Merit Circle About the DAO Press Kit Games Overview Platform Partnerships Governance The DAO Snapshot Gov Forum Docs FAQs Medium Substack Gitbook Contact Contact Us Get Support Twitter Telegram © 2023 Merit Circle hello@meritcircle.io Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy 