 Story Play To Earn Strikers Tokenomics Roadmap Team Partners Whitepaper Claim WHAT IS METASTRIKERS AND OUR VISION The P2E &amp; PvP Football Strategic Game on Polygon with a heart. Join the revolution, play, and contribute to a greater cause. A world where "pursuit of GameFi's uniqueness" and "pursuit of the possibility of solving social issues" are both achieved. Join the Game STORY Here, far in the sky, in a space invisible to human eyes, is the developed city of "Silvus".There exists a plasma with enormous energy here, and only the richest people on each planet are allowed to set foot in it.The wealthy people of Silvus, starved for entertainment, gathered unique strikers from various planets out of their desire to watch the most popular sport on earth, "Soccer. "Each striker has an unspoken past and needs to earn "$LUMP", Silvus' reserve currency, for his or her personal reasons.Form your own team and win more matches to move up through the top leagues and earn more $LUMP than anyone else!There are rumors that Silvus has a currency called $AGOS that can only be obtained by chosen ones...? PLAY TO EARN MetaStrikers offers a Play-to-Earn model where players can earn tokens ($LUMP and $AGOS) by participating in the game. Step1 Setting Up Create a MetaStrikers account, and deposit $MATIC in your funding wallet (crypto-wallet). Step2 Buying NFTs Send $MATIC from your funding wallet to your spending wallet and purchase at least 4 capsules to get 4 Striker NFTs on original marketplace. Step3 Playing the Game Once you have 4 Striker NFTs, you can start playing the game. Stay tuned for gameplay details! Step4 Making Profits Earn in-gametokens($LUMP) and send them from your spending wallet to your funding wallet. You can then swap your $LUMP for $MATIC and make a profit. Watch our video tutorial Strikers Whit Hang in there my brother! Whit was born into the wealthiest family on his home planet, but when he was young his parents were assassinated and he and his younger brother were forced to live on their own.Because of their wealth, they were able to live off of their parents' savings.One day, Whit is told that his brother has an incurable disease and that he needs a large sum of money to cure the disease. Whit, in need of money, decides to go to Silvus for the sake of his beloved brother. TOKENOMICS MetaStrikers is a game that utilizes a dual-token model. Players can obtain both $LUMP and $AGOS tokens by playing the game and from exchanges. Here's a quick overview of each token. $LUMP Level Up Multi Plasma, which serves as the reserve currency of Silvus. There is unlimited issuance of $LUMP. $AGOS The hidden currency in Silvus that can only be obtained by chosen ones. The issuance of $AGOS is therefore limited. 15% Team 5.5% Advisor 7.5% 1st Round Investor 5% 2nd Round Investor 2.5% Ecosystem Fund 15% Community Growth 1% Charity 1% Future Development 2.5% Liquidity 45% Community Road Map Here are our current plans and progress. Q4 2022 Start of Development 1st-Round Financing Completed Q1 2023 LAUNCH Development Completed Closed V1 Test Start of Discord Launch of the Strikers platform View more Our Team A founding team with a vast experience across tech, business and product development who have a strong passion for the mass adoption of Web3. KOSUKE Founder Keisuke General Manager Ren Lead Developer Ivan Community Lead Gama Game Planner Yuna Core Developer Sum Core Developer Prosper Video Creator Kay Stone Sound Producer Tanaka Graphic Designer MENTIONED IN PARTNERS Social Twitter Medium Discord About Terms of Use Privacy Policy Branding Available On Uniswap BitMart ©PERDAY HOLDINGS LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Story Play To Earn Strikers Tokenomics Roadmap Team Partners Whitepaper Claim 