 home tokenomics Roadmap team Home Story Features Tokenomics Roadmap Team Contract $MERV There Are Those Who Play For Fun And Those Who Play To Win A Next-Revolutions Decentralized Platform For Metaverse . Buy $MERV Whitepaper In The Year 2222 Technology has reached a peak. All has transitioned and everything is now on the blockchain. Industries have been revolutionized and the world operates fully digitally in Meta Revo - the genesis of a new world. A worldwide currency is in circulation called Meta Revo. The world is regulated by the market, the market chooses what is worthy of time and money. There is no government and total transparency. Participation is rewarded in all forms. Poverty is at record lows. Society is at record highs in feelings of happiness and fulfillment. Are you ready? Play To Earn We have combined the power of the blockchain and pay to play and play-to-earn gaming to provide participants on the platform a fun and rewarding gaming experience. Meta Revo We are currently building out our very own Metaverse. An all-in-one place in the form of a defi arcade, Meta Revos, tournament arenas and event spaces. Tournaments Tournaments bring out the competitive side in us. That’s exactly why we’ll be hosting a range of different tournaments with huge rewards to encourage participation. Long Term Vision At Meta Revo we strive to be the revolutionary leaders and innovators in the play-to-earn and metaverse industry. NFTs People can use NFTs as avatars in our metaverse. They will provide access to things like locations in the metaverse, educational resources, networking events and groups. Rewards Classic online gaming was fun, but never rewarding. We’re transitioning into the blockchain era which means gamers are valued for their time and effort they put into a game. With staking models holders and users can earn dividends on earnings from Meta Revo Ventures $MERV Tokenomics Background We have carefully evaluated all aspects of our tokenomics. We believe that our distribution decisions will help play a role in the healthiness of our chart and help us achieve our long term goals for this project. We are exited to have you as an investor in Meta Revo. Buy $MERV The Meta Revo token consists of a supply of 100 000 000 coins . Meta Revo is a BEP20 token created on the Binance Smart Chain network. The ticker of the Meta Revo token is $MERV. The token ($MERV) is distributed as follows: 46% of the supply has been burned and 54% of the supply is in circulation . Of the 54% in circulation are tokens distributed as follows: - 4% Marketing - 6.5% Buy back - 3% Developing Fee - 1.5% Gaming Fee Marketing : Marketing wallet will be used to actively push marketing efforts towards all ventures. Buy Back : To ensure no real negative movements in the chart happen, the buyback wallet is used to bring the value of the token up to stabilize the charts. Development Fee : For development of games, metaverses, and updates. Game Fees : Allocated towards prizes and wins for users. More Info : buy tax is 15% and sell tax is 15%. $MERV Tokenomics Background We have carefully evaluated all aspects of our tokenomics. We believe that our distribution decisions will help play a role in the healthiness of our chart and help us achieve our long term goals for this project. We are exited to have you as an investor in Meta Revo. The Meta Revo token consists of a supply of 100 000 000 coins . Meta Revo is a BEP20 token created on the Binance Smart Chain network. The ticker of the Meta Revo token is $MERV. The token ($MERV) is distributed as follows: 46% of the supply has been burned and 54% of the supply is in circulation . Of the 54% in circulation are tokens distributed as follows: - 4% Marketing - 6.5% Buy back - 3% Developing Fee - 1.5% Gaming Fee Marketing : Marketing wallet will be used to actively push marketing efforts towards all ventures. Buy Back : To ensure no real negative movements in the chart happen, the buyback wallet is used to bring the value of the token up to stabilize the charts. Development Fee : For development of games, metaverses, and updates. Game Fees : Allocated towards prizes and wins for users. More Info : buy tax is 15% and sell tax is 15%. Buy $MERV Growth Map Completed: highlighted text P1 Phase 1 - Land aquired in major metaverse - Marketing outreach 100,000,000 - Times Square Billboard - First Metaspace Game Launch - Development Of Metaverse Started - Community built to 25,000 members P2 Phase 2 - Interactive NFT Release - ETH Network Bridge - Gaming Tournaments - DAPP Based DeFi Arcade - DAO Staking P3 Phase 3 - Metaverse Launch - Metaverse Integration - Metaverse Defi Arcade Launch - Meta Revo &amp; Andromeda Launch - Metaverse Streaming Team Launch P4 Phase 4 - Major Listings - Multi Verse Integration - iOS and Android Compatibility - Roadmap Revamp - Multichain Integration - Full Scale P2E Project Join Presale &amp; Airdrop 🚀 Claim Free 100 $MERV Airdrop PreSale Ends in 00 days : 00 hours : 00 minutes : 00 seconds BUY $MERV Claim NOW Add to Wallet Referral Rewards Copy Copy Get Referral Link - Invite everyone to get 50% referral bonus for each Airdrop and Presale. - Get 50% BNB &amp; 50% MERV per referral. Contract The Team Behind It All Meta Revo Cadet Strategizing marketing and strategic marketing projects. Space Lieutenant Head of marketing and social media management. Space Commander Back end management and partnerships. Meta Revo Chief Cyber security and contract developer. Board Members Corporate geniuses specializing in funding, marketing and business development. ZZZ Media Graphic design and web development. We make things look pretty to drive results. Subscribe To Our Email List Get insight into exclusive Meta Revo information. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. No spam. unsubscribe anytime. Home Story Features Tokenomics Roadmap Team Contract $MERV 