 🇬🇧 Buy Claim Connect Wallet Community Games Earn Buy Claim Connect Wallet Community Games Earn Welcome ⚡ Gamers Community hub for mainstream &amp; blockchain gamers! 🎮 What's new Earn Sign up for the latest game testing opportunities where you can earn rewards in exchange for your time and valued opinion. Games Play games, enter tournaments, compete in competitions and rank globally with gamers across the world. Community Metacade unleashes a realm of rewarding experiences for gamers, fuelling their growth and recognizing their invaluable contributions. Heroes of Holdem Heroes of Holdem is a digital collectible card game with unique gameplay. Players familiar with Texas Holdem Poker rules to pick up, Heroes of Holdem adds layers of complexity with Avatars that users build profiles for containing powerful abilities and equipment to enhance the gameplay. With seasonal leaderboards providing generous prize support for users both in individual games and seasonal campaigns. Crypto Mayhem Crypto Mayhem is the world's first gaming ecosystem to combine Grand Economic Strategy with a Top-Down Shooter that solves the problem of the lack of coexistence of different types of players within one great metaverse. Gold Fever Thrilling survival MMORPG. Mine and fight for $NGL in a decentralized blockchain economy driven by Commercial NFTs owners. Rune Realms Do you remember the first time you felt the thrill of a video game victory? The sound of the victory music, the flash of the “game over” screen, and the unbeatable feeling of knowing you’ve conquered the challenge? That thrill is something we all share – and it’s the reason we, at MetaStudio, do what we do.Now, we’re offering you the chance to be more than just a player. We’re inviting you to be a part of the game – literally – by minting our exclusive NFTs and partake in earning 10% revenue share in the process. For Gamers, By Gamers Explore all the opportunities available to you in the metacade $MCADE Token Purchase your Metacade ($MCADE) tokens through our exchange partners. Jobs Ever dreamt of a career in gaming or simply scoping out your next move? Head to our jobs page for a collection of vacancies in the industry. Announcements Keep up to date with the latest news from Metacade and the industry. About Exchange Listings Buy on UNISWAP Buy on Bitmart Buy on BitGet Buy on Coinstore MORE EXCHANGES COMING SOON Contract Address 0xed328E9C1179a30ddC1E7595E036AEd8760C22aF 🌈️ FAQ Frequently Asked Questions from our Community Moderators How can I buy $MCADE? Can I stake the Metacade token? What is Metacade? What is the main goal of the Metacade platform? What's inside the Metacade? More FAQ FIND METACADE ON HUB Home Community Games Earn COMPANY Token Website Staking Jobs Launchpad RESOURCES Whitepaper 2.0 Press FAQ CONTRACT ADDRESS 0xed328E9C1179a30ddC1E7595E036AEd8760C22aF SOCIALS ©2023 Luxe Media LLC, 3301 Chetumal St. Belize Registration IFSC/200LLC 1470/22 | All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Press Disclaimer 