 Meta Apes Ready for Takeoff! Become part of the strongest Clan, create your own Gang, fight other apes, and be the first monkey to explore the galaxy! Whitepaper Buy $PEEL Are you monkey enough to go bananas, and have fun in this crazy world of meta Apes? Cooperation Choose to be part of an elite pack of monkeys, in one of the 6 legendary Clans Protect and lead convoys of precious resources to power up your Rocket! Fight monkeys from other Clans and take part in massive PVP wars! Make friends with other players of your Gang! STRATEGY Build or hijack convoys of resources from other Clans Develop your outpost to dominate the monkey world Create your own army and train the most powerful monkeys! Plan to get ahead of the other Clans in the Rocket race! EXPLORATION From Roger the Intendant to Junior one of the powerful Clan Leaders, meet our cast of awesome monkeys Explore a post-apocalyptic world full of surprises Fight PVE battles against the terrifying Mutant Monkeys Travel all around the map, discover ancient Ruins, and huge Bosses! Join the Meta Apes Discord Server! Check out the Meta Apes community on Discord — hang out with 2 other members and enjoy free voice and text chat. Join Discord The age of NFT Apes has begun! Meta Apes #252 Meta Apes #251 Meta Apes #224 Meta Apes #283 Meta Apes #126 Marketplace TRANSFER BSC APE Chain Transfer your NFT Meta Apes Celer GET STARTED! 1. GET A WALLET Meta Apes is a real player-owned Web3 Game. To keep your assets safe, users must download a digital wallet to play the game. We recommend using MetaMask. 2. CONNECT 1. Click on your head portrait &gt; NFT. 2. Select the network you prefer. 3. Follow the prompts in Metamask to complete wallet binding. 3. ENJOY! If you need more support,please join our Discord community. What is Meta Apes? Meta Apes is a free-to-play, play-and-earn MMO strategy game. It is set in a post-apocalyptic world, in which humanity has ended and a new era ruled by Apes has begun. Next on the agenda is space domination. Each pri-mate (yes, you) will have to work closely with their Gang to become the strongest Clan and win the ultimate race to space. Why is Meta Apes using blockchain technology? We think that you, as a player and a consumer, are entitled to not only greater transparency, ownership, and freedom, but also a genuinely fun gaming experience with a narrative and a community. Meta Apes aims to deliver all of these. In addition, tokenization would enable transferability of in-game assets across the evolving Meta Apes galaxy. How is Meta Apes different from other games? The biggest differences between Meta Apes and another web2 mobile game are decentralization and ownership. This means the game-related data lives on the blockchain instead of a centralized server that is fully controlled by the game studio and as such the players are able to truly own the assets that they earn from investing their time and/or resources into. With true ownership, players are then able to trade or sell these assets freely and also earn while playing.In the web3 gaming landscape, we saw an opportunity to create an experience that appeals to both traditional and blockchain gamers alike. Meta Apes was born out of this idea of creating a community-oriented game that offers both audiences something valuable - 1) an opportunity for the traditional gamers to earn &amp; truly own their in-game assets and 2) a much more interactive and enjoyable experience to the blockchain gamers who are primarily looking to earn. What are some of the key components of the gameplay? Building | Grow your city via resource production &amp; management, training &amp; research Competition | Fight PvP &amp; PvE battles to lead your Clan to victory Community | Collaborate and strategize with other pri-mates in your Gang Exploration | Travel all around the map and discover a world full of surprises What platforms is Meta Apes currently available on? Meta Apes is a mobile game supporting both Android &amp; iOS and available on Google Play &amp; App Store What blockchain does Meta Apes use? Meta Apes runs on BNB Application Sidechain (BAS), which allows us to have our own chain dedicated to Meta Apes only (Ape Chain). In fact, we’re the first game to launch on BAS! Do I need to buy an NFT to start playing the game? No, you do not need an NFT to start playing the game! The game is free-to-play for anyone with a mobile device, and non-NFT Fighters can still be acquired via regular in-game activities. What exactly are the advantages of having an NFT fighter (vs. non-NFT fighter)? First, NFT fighters generate SHELL, which is the utility token and in-game currency in Meta Apes. The amount of SHELL generated will depend on the rarity of the NFT fighter. Second, they come equipped with more skills and will have 1-3 extra skills in addition to the default skills available for non-NFT fighters. Additionally, each skill will also have increased strength and power.Besides additional skills and power, they also come with special effects that make your fighters more fun! Think different backgrounds, lighting, halo &amp; display of user ID, which non-NFT fighters do not have.Lastly, having an NFT fighter will help you identify which second fighter would create the strongest and the most powerful bond when paired with your existing NFT fighter. When your fighter reaches a certain level, then you’ll be able to send your fighters to battles in pairs. If you have an NFT fighter, there will be a way for you to be able to identify which other fighter would be best paired with yours, which will be hugely helpful as you progress through the game.As of today, there are 3 different types of rarity available for the NFT fighters. I just bought an NFT from Galler - how do I transfer my NFT fighter from BSC to Ape Chain? Please visit our marketplace (https://plat.metaapesgame.com/index) to access the Celer bridge, which will enable you to transfer your NFTs from BSC to Ape Chain (BAS) and use them in the game. Tell us more about your tokenomics. Meta Apes has a dual token model - SHELL (utility token) and PEEL (governance &amp; gas token). SHELL is the utility token that serves as the in-game currency. It is primarily generated by holding NFT fighters but can also be earned via in-game rewards or purchased via in-app-purchases. It is then used to purchase in-game items necessary to upgrade the player’s NFT fighters (e.g., levels, stars, skills, etc.) and other in-game resources (e.g., iron, food, etc.). Essentially, any in-game resources or items you want to get, in excess of what you’re earning from playing the game, will require SHELL.PEEL is the governance &amp; native gas token. All NFT purchases will be used to buy back &amp; burn PEEL. Additionally, PEEL token holders will be able to stake their PEEL and spend it on select critical in-game activities, such as the final upgrade of the NFT fighter. We will also reward PEEL to top performing &amp; contributing clans and players. PEEL will be officially introduced in the coming months (not part of the mainnet game launch). Can you tell us a bit more about the roadmap? In the last 1-2 months, we completed a month-long beta testing and successfully introduced all of the key gameplay features. We ran a number of blind box events for testnet NFTs and also introduced SHELL and its functionality in the game. Most recently, we officially launched our game on BAS mainnet (Android &amp; iOS).In the next few months, we plan to officially introduce our governance &amp; native gas token (PEEL). We’ll be launching more NFT collectibles and introduce in-game validators &amp; staking as well over time. Stay tuned for more exciting updates! Can you tell us more about the team? Meta Apes is a collaborative project made up of folks from both the gaming and blockchain industries. Our gaming professionals have worked at places like Ubisoft, Gameloft, Zynga, EA, AppLovin &amp; Epic. Our blockchain/crypto experts have been in the space since 2017. Are you monkey enough to go bananas, and have fun in this crazy world of Meta Apes? ©2022, Meta Apes. This game requires an internet connection to play. Offers in-app purchases. Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Security Audit Contact Us Business Contact Privacy Policy &nbsp; Terms Of use &nbsp; Security Audit &nbsp; Contact Us &nbsp; Business Contact 