 Home Meta Life Meta Connect Meta Legends Team 12345 Legends to Save humanity Meta Legends is a collection of 12345 NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain composed of 7 distinctive classes and generated with thousands of uniquely designed 3D traits. Minted in December 2021, Meta Legends was a pioneer in the use of 3D and has made history as one of the most successful collections of all time. Meta Legends has spread over 150 countries and gathered more than 200,000 people around a single revolutionary vision: to build the most prominent Web3 ecosystem . Your journey in the Metaverse begins now. Get your meta legend Celestials Burners Roboters Goldbois Matrix Angels Cybers Roughs Celestials 11(+5) Units Great guardians of the Metaverse, the Celestials are the most powerful with an influence and a power that is close to the Gods. Their mission is to govern the Metaverse. As they are greatly evolved, they developed a deep sense of ethics and morals, that exists in symbiosis with their vision. They managed to coexist with Burners, even though they are superior. Our vision Our vision is to create a revolutionary Web3 ecosystem and build the future. We aim to connect people together and onboard NFT and Metaverse enthusiasts in a new journey that will leave its mark in history. Join us as we create Meta Life, a brand of game ready digital assets for the metaverse using Unreal Engine 5, the most powerful hyper-realistic graphics engine ever. Hop onto Meta Connect to meet other NFT passionates and see them live on the world map. Check your Meta Legends perks and assets by entering the Legends Zone, your gateway to a new universe. The Future is now. Meta life Meta Life is a digital Web3 brand set to offer hyper-realistic metaverse-ready 3D assets using Unreal Engine 5 technology. Our vision is to build a highly identifiable IP that is both interoperable and intercompatible, meaning everyone will be able to use their asset in any game of their choosing. Our intent is to grow Meta Life assets beyond Web3 to give the opportunity to anyon to use high quality game-ready items as players or professionals. Visit Meta Life A first step into the metaverse Begin your new virtual life. Own large impressive lands with breathtaking environments from rocky deserts and futuristic cities to mouldy swamps and humid rainforests. Manage your very own virtual Real Estate buying, using or selling state-of-the-art digital villas, penthouses and mansions. Enjoy cruising around on fun vehicles, going full speed in a supercar, mounting over dunes on a buggy or choosing the agility of a light sports motorcycle. Fancy a really cool pet to follow you everywhere you go? We've got that too. Use uniquely designed character skins to play your favorite video game, and decide which combat style you prefer in your go-to FPS with a large variety of Meta Life weapons to choose from. Your journey into the metaverse starts now. Meta connect NFTs are the new social. NFTs are the new way to connect with others around the world. Meta Connect is the first true social hub focused toward NFT enthusiasts that truly enables its users. This platform will provide new ways to make friends, build your network, organize events, and promote your collection. Enhance the value of your brand with the game-changing platform Meta Connect. Word map Enable location to appear on the map. Connect with other users and search for places to explore. Enable Ghost Mode when you want to go unnoticed. Wallet access Synchronize your wallet, access your blue-chip NFTs, and choose one to be your avatar. Partners Partnering with Meta Connect will provide your brand or business prioritized exposure to our valued user base. Want to register your brand or business with us? Simply reach out! Social Features Stay in the loop with the public feed. Keep in touch with friends and spark new conversations with nearby users. Share experiences or stories with picture and vocal messages. Join meta connect Legends Zone The Legends Zone is a private space reserved to Meta Legends holders to receive exciting airdrops and exclusive bonuses but also keep track of their perks, benefits and advancements as holders. Become a legend Our team An experienced team of passionate entrepreneurs,art directors, developers and game makers dedicated to creating the future. Robin Founder Maxime Digital Artist Dara General Manager Hando CTO Azgilar Operational development manage Rey Community &amp; partner manager © Terms &amp; conditions 