 Shipwreck About Own Media Tavern Games Materium Buy Now Shipwreck About Own Media Tavern Games Materium Buy Now Home Media About Exemplars Deeds Buildings Scroll down Media About the Game Mirandus is a fantasy world powered by blockchain technology, allowing players to truly create their own content. Learn More Exemplars Exemplars are elite avatars with special abilities which allow them to perform certain actions better than others. Elf SOLDOUT The proud and long-lived elven people are a rare and welcome sight in Mirandus. Halfling SOLDOUT Numerous halflings have come to Mirandus to build a new life for themselves. Orc 74%SOLD Orcs’ endurance and fighting spirit serve them well in exploring the wilds of Mirandus. Dwarf 82%SOLD Many dwarven adventurers have set their eyes on Mirandus... and the Materium it holds. Human 99%SOLD Humans are known for their courage and adventurous spirit. Discover what exemplars are still available by clicking below! View All Buy Now Deeds Player ownership of in-game assets is a central mechanic in Mirandus. Players can hold land deeds that allow them to claim parts of the wilderness, setting up holdfasts ranging from small farms to massive cities. There will only ever be 1650 deeds in Mirandus. Players can place their deeds anywhere there is open space. 99% Sold Each deed comes with a basic layout that includes walls that will repel monsters, a home for the deed owner, and plots where other players in the game can place buildings. Learn More Get Deeds Buildings 99% Sold Own Your Own Property Players can place buildings on another player's land. Players must own a building that corresponds to the size of the plot and can build it freely there once they've paid their lease to the owner who sets the terms. Learn More Buy Now Join Our Newsletter! To get the latest game release info and development updates. I agree to the terms and conditions and privacy policy. Subscribe About Gala Games Join Gala Games Gala Games, Owned by Players. © 2023 Gala Games | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy 