 Mirror Pass Mirrorpass Open main menu Web Tools Features FAQ Open invite link to discord server Open twitter link to our twitter page Open link to our open sea page Alpha. Botting. Staking. Analytics. Community. Gap Between Whales and Regular Investors We are inevitable. WTF is Mirror Pass? Mirror Pass is a community curated Alpha Group designed for experienced and new traders. Our mission is to bridge the gap between whales and regular investors by tearing down arbitrary walls for an affordable price. Navigate your way around Web3, and research projects with other Mirror Pass holders! We built the first community curated Alpha Group, where there are no official Alpha analysts. Our community is the alpha, and with the dedication and eagerness of our members... we've been the first to discover many profitable plays. Find out why Mirrorpass is the best Mirrorpass is a unique NFT opportunity to grab access to NFT botting software - acquiring all your favorite NFTs &amp; more. Introducing Reflektor . Reflektor is an automated software designed for user experience and performance. This collection will be a continuation of the Mirrorverse, brought to you by Mirror Pass. Automated Opensea &amp; Rarity Sniping Bulk Minting Wallet Management 24/7 Monitoring Participate in our Marketplace . The Mirror Pass marketplace features rewards for holding a Mirror Pass or spending $Shards. Whitelists Raffles Giveaways $Shards Events Meet Analytics . We are building an all-in-one analytics tool for Mirror Pass holders. Our goal is to provide as much features within our dAPP. Contract Sniffing Live Mint Monitor Live Trending Mints Begin Staking . Stake your Mirror Passes to accumulate 10 $Shards/day. Additionally, each staked Mirror Pass increases your amount of entries for raffles and giveaways. FAQs Have a question about Mirrorpass? Does Mirror Pass still mirror other Alphas No, we officially ended mirroring back in June. All of our Alpha and Plays have been from within our Community! How many $Shards will I earn if I stake my Mirror Pass? By staking a Mirror Pass, you earn 10 $Shards/Day. How do I get access to Reflektor We are allowing Mirror Pass holders join in waves, simply hold and stake a Mirror Pass! Mirror Pass Mirrorpass Discord Twitter Opensea 