 Home Metaverse NFT Races Classes News Videos FAQ MARKETPLACE en Deutsche Español Français Italiano Português Gaming Reimagined MIST METAVERSE Mist is an open-world, Action Role Playing Game with a dynamic combat style that is unique in the world of MMOs. Collect NFTs, battle epic monsters, and explore infinite immersive environments in this blockchain-based NFT Action RPG. The Mist Gameverse Framework Open-World MMORPG: The Adventure is Yours 2 Factions, 8 Character Races, and 9 Character Classes NFT Land and Item Ownership Revolutionizing Play-To-Earn Download and Play NOW! PLAY MIST FOR FREE! Download and have fun in this Play-To-Earn Action RPG. Create your own adventure, explore the vast open world of Mist with your friends online and earn rewards during the game. TERMS Mist is in the testing phase I am acting as a Pre-Alpha tester All testing and systems now are subject to change during full game release Team is testing and optimizing certain systems New systems will be added once basic testing finishes Pre-Alpha version does not contain all parts of the final game Game will be optimized for performance based on the Pre-Alpha testing Team is testing certain races and genders first The team is testing certain polygon counts, assets, and structures for testing performance New and custom structures will be added as testing finishes Team is testing basic attack and movement first before adding other abilities in TERMS Mist is in the testing phase I am acting as a Pre-Alpha tester All testing and systems now are subject to change during full game release Team is testing and optimizing certain systems New systems will be added once basic testing finishes Pre-Alpha version does not contain all parts of the final game Game will be optimized for performance based on the Pre-Alpha testing Team is testing certain races and genders first The team is testing certain polygon counts, assets, and structures for testing performance New and custom structures will be added as testing finishes Team is testing basic attack and movement first before adding other abilities in MIST NFT MARKETPLACE Staff of Leixran The wielder of this staff, thought to be the secret of one of the greatest wizards who ever lived, will be granted increased vitality. Show marketplace Viridis Lupus Imbued with the ancestral power from the Exxulia, these wolves help worthy rangers by granting their master enhanced perception. Show marketplace Vengeance and Mercy These twin axes were found in the temple of Jeegrin long after the order of priests disbanded. Grants the user a chance to be blessed with a runic essence. Show marketplace Ember Ursus For centuries, only the shapeshifters from Unatu were able to utilize this special form. Learning this form will grant the shapeshifter increased fire damage. Show marketplace Stag of Mozuer This super swift collectible mount also increases the rider’s carrying capacity for non-weapon items. Show marketplace Shield of Agrazzak He of pure heart who wields this shield acquires Agrazzak’s Saving Hand, granting him the ability to cheat death 10 percent of the time. Show marketplace Staff of Leixran The wielder of this staff, thought to be the secret of one of the greatest wizards who ever lived, will be granted increased vitality. Show marketplace Viridis Lupus Imbued with the ancestral power from the Exxulia, these wolves help worthy rangers by granting their master enhanced perception. Show marketplace Vengeance and Mercy These twin axes were found in the temple of Jeegrin long after the order of priests disbanded. Grants the user a chance to be blessed with a runic essence. Show marketplace Ember Ursus For centuries, only the shapeshifters from Unatu were able to utilize this special form. Learning this form will grant the shapeshifter increased fire damage. Show marketplace Stag of Mozuer This super swift collectible mount also increases the rider’s carrying capacity for non-weapon items. Show marketplace Shield of Agrazzak He of pure heart who wields this shield acquires Agrazzak’s Saving Hand, granting him the ability to cheat death 10 percent of the time. Show marketplace CHARACTER RACES AND FACTIONS Mousekin Throughout Midirim, the Mice are known as swashbuckling pirates, and gamblers with a passion for gold. The Mouse always leaves his opponents uneasy. Clever tricksters, you can always expect a Mouse to find the upper hand in any situation. Don't let their size fool you - a Mouse will use his small stature and high speed to leave any enemy begging for mercy. The Mouse tend to look out for himself, leading to possible riches and success. But it also can leave the Mouse alone, and without friends. The Mouse values intelligence and creativity. Surprise Critical attacks stun target 0.5 secs Fast Fingers Daggers and bows attack 10% faster Sneaky Fellow Attacks against him always have a +1% chance to miss Escape Artist Break out of a stun or slow Catch Me If You Can Jump 5 meters ahead Rhinokin A Rhino's unspoken motto is, "Don’t bother me and I won’t bother you". As gentle giants looking to live a life of peace, Rhinos tend to avoid conflict when possible. But if provoked the Rhino attacks with force and fury. Rhinos are a simple race who prefer spending time in nature instead of modernity. This can lead to laziness and lack of progress in Rhino society. Rhinos value peaceandindependence. Thick Skin Defense gained from items increased by 2% Size Matters Can dual wield 2-handed weapons Sweeping Strikes Has +30% larger melee attack range Belly Bump Belly bumps an enemy, pushing them back 10 yards Horn Attack Charges at an enemy, stunning them for 3 seconds Elf A misunderstood and ancient race focused on the spiritual and shadow arts. Elves are cunning, extremely intelligent, and vicious strategists. Much of their time is devoted to the energetic arts, the strategy of combat, and weapon skills. All over Midirim, Elves are known for their discipline and highly-effective battle and combat strategy. They mix academics, discipline, and desire for power to make fearful armies. This discipline may also cause them to be heartless and unnecessarily violent. Elves value discipline and success. Poison Daggers and Swords 0.5% chance to slow enemy by 10% 2 secs Sweet Spot 10% higher chance to crit (all attacks and heals) Dark Focus His ranged and spells have 10% larger hitbox Vampiric Essence The next 5 spells drain 2% of opponent's mana and heal elf Night's Child Go invisible for 60 seconds or until you attack/get hit Orc For some Orcs fighting is a necessary ritual to fullfil their life purpose. In Life, an Orc desires to be victorious against his enemy on the field of battle. In death, an Orc desires to die on the battlefield, charging ahead with his weapon in hand. Orcs honor and remember their great warriors. The Orc's focus on honorable combat can lead him to be outsmarted or deceived by his enemy. Orcs value honor and bravery. Bloodlust Each attack increases damage 2% stacks 5x. lasts 10 secs/refresh Toughness For every % health is under 35%, deal 1% more damage Hard Hitter Critical hits deal 15% more damage than normal Death Stare Silences an enemy, preventing spellcasting 3 seconds Head Smash Causes enemy to be unable to auto attack for 3 seconds Leonin Lions are a protective, respectful, and decisive race. A true lion must be able and willing to take action when necessary. In Lion society, respect is earned through a successful hunt- properly planned and executed. Lions live in their own prides and rarely interact with outsiders. They are territorial and willing to fight to protect their territory and their own. As a result of their dislike of outsiders, Lions may make enemies where it is not necessary. Lions value protection and family. King of the Jungle 5% more damage against other animals or beasts Stalker 5% higher movement speed Ambush Deal 15% more damage if attacking from behind Vicious Claw slow an enemy by 25% for 4 seconds On the Prowl Increase movement and attack speed by 25% for 5 seconds Fallen Fallen have a complicated origin. They were once people, who were infused with ancient energy by no choice of their own. They are physical beings, whose bodies are in tune with the energy in the universe. Their skin color has been permanently changed, but the Fallen are no less physical beings than anyone else. They share the same emotions, soul, and spirit as all other inhabitants. Fallen are always curious, and always searching for knowledge. They will stop at nothing to find truth - whether that means taking lives, or losing their own. Fallen value knowledge and truth. Mind Melt Critical strikes silence the enemy for 1 second Ascended Master 15% reduced mana costs Energy Rift All cooldowns reset when you fall below 50% health (2min cd) Astral Project Teleport 5meters in a random direction Make A Wish If health or mana is lower, heal 15% of it Dwarf Dwarves are a tough, hearty race that values creativity and persistence. A dwarf will be happy to smile and shake your hand, but if you make them angry, watch out! They value a nice pint of ale with their mates, while telling (and exaggerating) stories of their battles, successes, and adventures. Dwarves are strong and goodhearted, but that same goodheartedness can allow them to be taken advantage of. Dwarves value honesty and friendship. Team Player If heal target has less health than dwarf, heal 10% more Lightning Strikes Twice Every 10th attack deal extra 100% damage Underdog If enemy has more % health than the dwarf, deal 10% more damage Thor's Hammer The Dwarf throws his weapon, dealing melee attack damage from a range of 10 meters Beer Armor Damage taken reduced by 30%, Movement speed reduced by 40% for 5 secs Human An ambitious race that achieves so much in their limited lifespans. Humans have immense spirit and optimism which leads them to rise up in the face of adversity. Humans are leaders, motivators, and unwilling to give up. They aim to progress society to help everyone get ahead. However this desire for progress can lead to them overstepping boundaries and imposing their desires on others who may not have the same views. Humans value duty and responsibility. Quick Learner Earn 1% more exp Will to Survive for every % health is under 40%, take 1% less damage Think Fast All cooldowns reduced by 30% Inspiring Speech gives speech, increasing damage and healing by 10% to everyone Word of Mouth the next 5 heals do AOE healing 50% of the amount to all friends nearby CHARACTER CLASSES Adventurer Bard Berserker Crusader Enchanter Priest Ranger Shapeshifter Witch Hunter News From The Team Here you will find all the news and the latest developments in MIST. Show all Mist Scholarship System: Intro (Part 1 of 2) TL;DR Mist’s NFT Scholarship system will allow NFT holders tosponsor multiple players, depending on the Tier of the N... Read more The Death System Main takeaways -During gameplay, dying may result in a loss of some ofyour earned tokens or items. This will only happe... Read more Intro to Earning System Main Takeaways Mist Metaverse has a large MMO ecosystem with many waysto implement earning. It allows us to be creative... Read more What Pre-Alpha Is (And What It Isn’t) TL;DR We truly recommend reading this article in-depth. DuringPre-Alpha the development team has specific goals to acco... Read more Pre Alpha Checklist: Mist Wallet, /unstuck and more. We recommend reading this whole article. Pre alpha testing returnstomorrow. Read this checklist carefully and do all th... Read more Lore Bits: The Occupation &nbsp; It was said that occupants of Dunia lived in harmony before theirarrival. Just like most people, for Okhron, life wa... Read more Month of Mist — Recap 30 days. 35 updates. A full month of sharing with you, and gettingfeedback from you. Today marks the last day of the Mo... Read more Intro to Guilds: Part 1 of 2 TL;DR Mist will be introducing in-game Guild systems. Guilds offerplayers a chance to make friends, share resources and... Read more Mist Scholarship System: Intro (Part 1 of 2) TL;DR Mist’s NFT Scholarship system will allow NFT holders tosponsor multiple players, depending on the Tier of the N... Read more The Death System Main takeaways -During gameplay, dying may result in a loss of some ofyour earned tokens or items. This will only happe... Read more Intro to Earning System Main Takeaways Mist Metaverse has a large MMO ecosystem with many waysto implement earning. It allows us to be creative... Read more What Pre-Alpha Is (And What It Isn’t) TL;DR We truly recommend reading this article in-depth. DuringPre-Alpha the development team has specific goals to acco... Read more Pre Alpha Checklist: Mist Wallet, /unstuck and more. We recommend reading this whole article. Pre alpha testing returnstomorrow. Read this checklist carefully and do all th... Read more Lore Bits: The Occupation &nbsp; It was said that occupants of Dunia lived in harmony before theirarrival. Just like most people, for Okhron, life wa... Read more Month of Mist — Recap 30 days. 35 updates. A full month of sharing with you, and gettingfeedback from you. Today marks the last day of the Mo... Read more Intro to Guilds: Part 1 of 2 TL;DR Mist will be introducing in-game Guild systems. Guilds offerplayers a chance to make friends, share resources and... Read more ‹ › ‹ › Mist is an open-world, Action Role Playing Game with a dynamic combat style that is unique in the world of MMOs. Collect NFTs, battle epic monsters, and explore infinite immersive environments in this blockchain-based NFT Action RPG. Menu Home Metaverse NFT Races Classes Marketplace Information News Videos FAQ Blog MIST Token Certik Audit Stay connected © Copyright Mist. All rights reserved. Contract: BSC: 0x68E3...Bf94B67 Mist use cookies to personalise your experience and to analyse website traffic for analytics. Cookie policy Accept cookies 