 Home Whitepaper PvP News Encyclopedia Breeding Land Dashboard Connect Wallet Virtual pet, farming simulation and turn-based card game on Cardano. PvP Cards Download to Play icon/arrow down Created with Sketch. *Data obtained from opencnft.io Story &amp; Gameplay Story Breeding Mocossi Planet Mr. X! once discovered that seeds brought back from planet Mocossi grow much faster and stronger than those on Earth. Since then, scientists have been experimenting with resources from this planet. Unfortunately, our size and physical condition limit our ability to fully farm for resources on Mocossi. Scientists have also confirmed that there exist lovely, plump-body creatures with characteristics that resemble pets on Earth. The first species discovered on planet Mocossi was known as ITO (intelligent &amp; true-blue object) for its intelligence and loyalty. Meanwhile, all creatures on this planet (including yet to be discovered species) are given the common name - Mocomon. In an ambitious plan devised by scientists, mankind is projected to live peacefully with Mocomons on this planet while keeping Mother Earth from suffering resource shortages or environmental damage.The first step is to develop a breeding program to conduct genetic research and to expand the Mocomon population. At least two ITOs must be involved in breeding. ITOs require a seven-day cooldown period after each breed. An ITO can only breed a maximum of ten times in its lifetime. Mocossi Planet Mocossi Planet is one of the first play-and-earn games on the Cardano blockchain. It is different from other traditional virtual pet games in that it incorporates both virtual pet and farming simulation elements and implements smart contracts in its in-game ecosystem. Apart from being entertained, players can earn real money as a reward for their contribution to the growth of our ecosystem. Encyclopedia Roadmap Q3 2021 Original ideas and concepts Team formation Characters development Q4 2021 Website development Social and marketing activities 10,000 ITOs – Sold out Mocossi Planet release Whitepaper 1.0 Q1 2022 Land and house concepts Game character prototype Website re-design Breeding UI Launch of breeding function (Phase 1) Q2 2022 Land sales Land web mobile version Official land map Encyclopedia Moconomics Eternl wallet integration Flashito sales Q3 2022 $MCOS LBE $MCOS tokens airdrop Breeding by MCOS Q4 2022 Mocossi Planet Beta (Technical) Mocossi Planet Beta (Economic) Rarebloom Encyclopedia updated (with price) $MCOS dashboard Moshi-$MCOS withdrawal 1st anniversary celebration Minigames leaderboard Q1 2023 Official Mocossi Planet Game Governance (DAO) Game official trailer Encyclopedia &amp; Map with Game data Q2 2023 $MCOS Dashboard (new features) Crafting concept - PvP Pet &amp; Farming - ITO2, Sleeping &amp; Farming Boosters Pet &amp; Farming - Lucky Wheel, Daily Quest, Streak Attendance Q3 2023 Crafting feature release - PvP Merch store Scholarship Pet &amp; Farming - New features (continued) In-game Marketplace PvP gameplay introduction Q4 2023 PvP Game - beta PvP card upgrade Website revamp 2.0 Mocossi 2nd anniversary Encyclopedia with PvP cards 2024 Official PvP game release PvE card gameplay Community PvP cards - 1st batch In-house blockchain Community built PvP cards Game on mobile Pvp tournament Testimonials Really love the community and continuous updates from the team. Looking forward to the development of this project. P&amp;E, breeding, token airdrop all to come this year. @HK_pxlz Twitter I had to pick these @officialmocossi! Excited to be part of them fam and the future of this project. @ChenoskiPR Twitter Feeling bullish on @officialmocossi. A top tier #Play-and-earn Pet Game in the #Cardano Blockchain…let’s see them Bad boys @dsolis77 Twitter Got some more @officialmocossi as the news coming out of the discord is very bullish @cocolocoben Twitter @officialmocossi is building a #playtoearn game. So the NFTs are characters in this game. So owning one of them give you the right to play the game and to earn money. Yes… real money while playing a game 👀 @EGweb3 Instagram Never in a million years I thought I’d be excised about breeding some jpgs. I wonder what breeding these will give me 🤔 We are still so early my #NFT family @officialmocossi #P&amp;E #Game will be epic!!! 🔥🔥🔥 @ArthurJGoldman Twitter To my CNFT friends, @officialmocossi is flying under the radar but quietly making moves! Breeding coming up, p&amp;e, land ownership... got a good feeling about these lil dudes 🍻 @MnCloud9 Twitter I like the aesthetic of mocossi but I mostly like the utility they plan to offer. Dirashi Twitter I like the art, I think it's fun. Though I think the roadmap is ambitious I do like the breeding concept, utility token potential and use for a game. theuttermost Twitter Our Partners A community-centric decentralized exchange on Cardano. “Mocossi Planet is one of first play-and-earn games on the Cardano by the community and for the community. We are delighted to be the hub for such a promising project to launch soon on The Minswap Launch Bowl.” View website One stop shop for everything cNFT: Minting, Marketplace, Distribution, Integration. “Mocossi Labs is a team that lives up to its words. They are dedicated to delivering what they planned for the project. Working with them is fun and we value their dedication, expertise, and professionalism in making this partnership a success. Looking forward to Mocossi Planet going bullish!” View website Secure &amp; fast, DAO operated, cutting edge DEX on Cardano. Supporting HW wallets and direct Android use &amp; giving liquidity providers up to 6 sources of gains. “Ready to play and earn? Come get the MCOS token here and kickstart your journey to get the game-currency, your favourite NFTs, upgrades and more! Swap ADA to MCOS here on WingRiders DEX to start.” Get $MCOS Our Ambassadors AJ GOLDMAN “As an ambassador for Mocossi, alongside providing guidance to the Mocossi team I look forward to assisting and onboarding new members from both Cardano and Ethereum communities as I hold various blue-chip projects across both networks”. Founder and CEO of Arthur J Goldman Consultants providing industry expertise to Governments and FTSE100 companies in GRC, information and cyber security. My crypto journey started in late 2017, since then I have participated in Cardano ITN and now provide SaaS (Stakepool As A Service) for Cardano SPOs, alongside operating [KING1] Stakepool. I was a late bloomer to NFTs and joined in October 2021. I had a simple philosophy “sweep the floor and raise the roof” with a moto “go heavy or go home” hence researched projects with solid teams, vision, execution and delivery capability, this is how I ended up at Mocossi Planet. DIRASHI “Mocossi is one of my favorite projects in the entire NFT space, I've owned Mocossi NFTs since mint and have been following the project's progress ever since. I hold the team to a very high standard of quality and professionalism because they've consistently shown they'll settle for nothing less. I'm happy to share information about a project I trust, and being an ambassador will allow me to do so in the most transparent way possible! I trust and believe in the team's vision of Mocossi Planet and can't wait to begin this journey 🔥!” “I'm a die hard crypto/NFT enthusiast and a true degen at heart. I've only been in the crypto space for around 2 years, but have gained a ton of new skills &amp; made friendships along the way! I began trading Cardano NFTs with around 500 ada &amp; worked my way up to where I am today. Nowadays, I consistently buy NFTs on the Big 3 (Cardano, Ethereum, Solana). I hold a ton of different projects but some of the more popular ones are: Mocossi, Deadpxlz, Clay Nation, Chilled Kongs, Deadfellaz, Gutter Cats, Degentoonz &amp; Famous Fox Federation.” DAVID KING “I was excited to become an ambassador for Mocossi because I believe the project will showcase how gaming and crypto concepts, such as NFTs and DeFi, can compliment each other. I also enjoy the simplicity and charm of the project. As an ambassador I hope to bring awareness and educate others on the unique value that Mocossi will bring to both gaming and crypto.” “I’m David. I’ve been investing in crypto since early 2021. As an entrepreneur and tech enthusiast I quickly realized the potential blockchain technology and NFTs had to revolutionize aspects of society. Since then I have found a home in Cardano due to its incredible foundation and great community.” ADA LOVER “The reason why I decided to become Ambassador Mocossi is because of the passion of Mocossi Team. Despite all the weak markets, I fell in love with the constant progress of development and communication!!. As an ambassador, I play a role in delivering the important schedule and presentation of Mocossi correctly and quickly to the Korean community.” “I am an ordinary office worker who studies and invests in cryptocurrency. My journey started in 2017. At that time, I encountered Cardano for the first time and studied it. While studying Cardano, I naturally encountered Cardano NFT. I have a lot of Cardano NFTs in my wallet, but the representative ones are Mocosi, Clay Nation, Boss Cat Rocket Club, Pavia, Chains of War, Chilled Kongs, etc..” Our Team In early August 2021, we formed a solid team of successful entrepreneurs from diverse backgrounds. The caliber of our blockchain engineers, talented artists, skilled game developers, marketing and content specialists is our hallmark and driving force for us to move forward. ANTHONY TRUONG Co-founder Co-founder of Mocossi.Cardano Blockchain enthusiast. Owner of two Cardano stake pools since ITN. LAM HA Co-founder Game producer.Project manager for several E-commerce and Blockchain projects. HAI S. HA Lead Developer System engineer, Germany. Smart contract engineer. More than 10 years of experience in big data system operating and system security, 3 years of exploring smart contract world. LUCKY DANG Lead Marketing With 9 years experience in social marketing for several E-com and Blockchain projects. LINH QUACH Content Strategy Lead Enthusiastic learner. Over 8 years of experience in media advertising with clients across several industries. MINH BUI Sr. Blockchain Engineer Have more than 10 years experience in full-stack development and 5 years of exploring smart contract world. NHAT HOANG Sr. Site Reliability Engineer Experiences of operating and developing Platform and Infrastructure on-cloud and on-premises since 2014. PHUC PHAM Fullstack Engineer More than five years' experience working in Fintech and over ten years' experience in front end development. KHANG TRUONG Lead UI/UX 9+ years of experience in web and mobile design and 4+ in UX design.2+ years experience in game development for a mobile application that attracted &gt;8M users. JO BUI Lead Design A talented artist who has more than 5 years experience in multiple media and game projects. HUY NGO Product Manager Mocossi sitter Product Manager, VietNam More than 6 years experienced in fintech and sofware products. HOANG "SAPPIER" THAI Community Manager More than 2 years experience in marketing, huge fan of video games and a FPS tryhard. THU PHAM Content team Passionate content specialist with four years of financial education and one year of business experience. VAN ANH Game artist 4+ years of experience in 2D mobile game. TU BUI Content team A lifelong learner with a huge passion for celestial spaces. 2 years of experience in writing for local magazines. THAI NGO Lead Game Dev Founder of GEZHUB. More than 16 years of experience in game development. STEPHEN DANG The Twitter Dude 2 years of experience in Content Creating and Digital Marketing. TONY LOC Front End Engineer More than four years' experience working in front end and over one years' experience in back end development. Home News Our Team Breeding PolicyID FAQ Whitepaper Terms &amp; Conditions Land Encyclopedia Cookie Policy Media Kit Road map Privacy Policy Join Our Community Copyright © 2022. Mocossi. All rights reserved. 