 Skip to main content Team FAQ Blog Twitter Discord Menu Close Menu Team FAQ Blog Twitter Discord MomoGuro Play Game Latest from the Uno Plane Project Highlights Since Mint Read More Latest from the Uno Plane Game Launch Is Live! Play Now Latest from the Uno Plane Gameplay Deep Dive Learn More Now Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Momoguro Universe The Fate of Uno is in Your Hands The Uno Plane is a fantastical world where creatures of all shapes and sizes use the magical power of Momoguro Energy to fuse together, forming ultra powerful Momobeasts with unique abilities. Momoguro Wiki What’s the utility of a Holoself? Your Holoself digital collectible gives you early access to the storytelling RPG, Momo Boxes, future drops, alpha news, and more. Venture Forth, Holoselves The story of Momoguro begins with Holoselves, the powerful protectors of the Uno Plane. Starting with our upcoming game, Momoguro: Legends of Uno, your Holoself digital collectible gives you entry into the storytelling RPG and its expansions, offers unique opportunities for more digital collectibles, and provides exclusive access to the ever-expanding Momoguro franchise across media and entertainment. What is the utility of a Momo? Momos have unique stats that, when combined with a Holoself, can form into powerful Momobeasts. Limited-time Momos can be earned, collected, and traded. Momos of Uno The Uno Plane is home to many species of Momo, each with a unique and distinctive physical, mental, or supernatural gift. Momos have evolved to form symbiotic relationships with each other thanks to the influence of Momoguro Energy. When fused together, they can complement each other’s strengths and create a being greater than the sum of its parts. Collect, strategize, and customize the creature combinations that can save the world – if you can! Holoself (At the center of it all) Momos (There are many more!) Momobeast (When Holoselves and Momos fuse) Video by Brut Video by Brut Live Now Momoguro: Legends of Uno Our story universe begins with the digital collectible RPG where players assume the role of a Holoself avatar and progress through a series of story quests to collect unique and tradable Momo digital collectibles. Through exploration and narrative gameplay, players can customize and level up their team of fantastical creatures to form ultra-powerful Momobeasts as they fight to save Uno from the forces seeking to destroy it. • Unlock New Quests • Collect New Momos • Combine Momos • Complete Story Quests • Collect Loot and Power-Up Play Now Who We Are Momoguro is a franchise by 9x Emmy-winning Baobab Studios, in collaboration with industry recognized creators Martin Allais &amp; Nico Casavecchia. Meet the Team Momoguro Roadmap Winter 2022 Phased Beta Gameplay Q1 2023 Momo Box Snapshot March 22, 2023 Momo Box Airdrop March 24, 2023 Spring 2023 Momo Box Opening &amp; Ceremony April/May 2023 More Snapshots &amp; Drops May/June 2023 Summer 2023 Game &amp; Launch Party June 13, 2023 Act 3 July 13, 2023 Training Reward July 27, 2023 Act 4 Aug 9, 2023 Leaderboards August 24, 2023 IP Expansion &amp; TV Show Q3 2023 &amp; Beyond Scroll left Scroll right Discord Twitter Get Text Alerts Subscribe to Newsletter Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Newsletter * indicates required Email Address * Close Sign up Close Get text alerts Sign up Close 