 Welcome to best monster battle metaverse Home Token About Team Referral WhitePaper Community Home Token About Team Referral WhitePaper Community Home Token About Team Referral WhitePaper Community Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Monster Battle Play Now Welcome to Monster Battle a Hearthstone-inspired TCG style GameFi Monster Battle Monster Battle Monster Battle Monster Battle is a Hearthstone-inspired TCG style GameFi project, aiming to provide users with both an exciting game experience (by inheriting the delicate, intricate complexities in Hearthstone's game mechanics ) and means to monetize their gaming talents and finesse. Apart from Gamefi, we are also dedicated in builiding other key components of technological infrastructure essential in realizing a true metaverse, including DAO and Defi. About us QUICK GLIMPSE Monster Battle Teaser video Intro Monster Battle OUR OFFERINGS Core Functionalities Cards are divided into monster cards and summoner cards (available mid-game). There will initially be 72 designs of monsters with more to come in the future. Cards are minted in the form of blind boxes where all boxes are the same in all visual aspects. It is unbeknownst to anyone, including us, what will emerge out of the boxes. We will continue to add new cards and even new card types (skill cards, accessory cards etc.) as we progress through our roadmap. Monsters are classified into five elements: Land , Flame , Ocean , Light and Forest . Players can stake different monsters in a total of 5 staking pools. By staking your monster, your summoner will also gain some experience and MBS token for each block produced. The annual percentage yield varies depending on the weight of the staking pool in question. Summoners can form a card deck (maximum of 5 cards) in order to participate in PvE and PvP challenges with varying difficulties. Players will be rewarded with a handsome amount of MBS after each successful challenge. The specific amount varies depending on the difficulty of the challenge. In addition we will hold time limited quests and other campaign activities on a monthly basis. Stay tuned for more events with more generous rewards! (not limited to MBS token rewards) Summoner will be your avatar in the monster battle metaverse. It serves as a ticket to future content (including other GameFi titles) developed by both the team and our partners. We will strive to increase the variety and functionality of the summoners as we progress through our roadmap. Pin Up Players can find equally matched opponents through our in-game matching algorithm. The winning side will receive a reward in the form of points. Points earned will be tabulated weekly and top earners will be rewarded with a handsome amount of MBSs (in-game currency)! Monster NFT Marketplace is a decentralized NFT exchange. Users can freely buy and sell their cards and other items here. All transactions are performed on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC). Monster Battle's ultimate goal is to become a trully user-owned, user-governed game platform. We will apply the concept of DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization) in the game's operations and governance, gradually increasing the weight of end users' votes in various decision making processes, eventually attaining our goal stated above. Monster Laboratory , is our in-house gamefi incubation platform. Through the platform, We will provide third-party developers seeking to enrich Monster Battle's ecosystem (by creating add-ons, additional game content, fan art, etc.)with sufficient support in terms of finance, technological integration and other aspects deemed necessary. Partners Monster Battle Contract Security Secured By Goxbet is a Ukrainian online casino that offers games only in licensed slot machines - Register on the Goxbet website and get a bonus of 50 FS. Frequently Asked Questions Questions &amp; Answers 1.HOW TO BUY MBS TOKENS? After Monster Battle's official launch, tokens can be purchased through our partnering IDO platforms and DEXs. Play Lucky Jet and get excellent bonus for it or another casino games +125% and + 200 Free Spins for the first deposit. 2.HOW TO PARTICIPATE IN IDO? You may participate in our IDO by visiting our official website https://pin-up-az.casino/ or parterning IDO platforms when the time arrives. Please pay close attention to our announcements on social media such as twitter to not miss out! HOW TO PLAY AND EARN? You can get MBS rewards by staking NFT and participating in PvEs. Tokens earned as rewards may be traded in the marketplace. Jogadores regulares na plataforma do cassino https://pin-up.lat/ estão esperando por prêmios especiais de incentivo. Parcelas atraentes de máquinas caça-níqueis permitem que você relaxe e jogue com prazer. HOW TO JOIN THE DAO? By staking MBS tokens that you own, you can enjoy the benefits of being a MBS token owner as well as having the right to vote in various occasions, at the same time. Start playing JetX betting game at 1win today and win money fast with minimal effort! Links Token Our Team Twitter Discord Telegram © Copyrights, 2022 All Rights Reserved 