 ✕ Home Blog Community Features Whitepaper Launch App Earn high Interest on your digital assets Easy, high-earn and zero impermanent loss (IL) yield farming No minimum balance required! No lock-ins - withdraw anytime. Start Earning MoonFarm Products MoonFarm is a DeFi and CeFi hybrid yield farming aggregator. It provides the best of both worlds, offering all the cost-effectiveness, easy access, transparency, and rapidity of DeFi yield farming, in addition to offering the security associated with a centralized financial ecosystem. MoonFarm optimizes yield farming interest (APY/APR) and provides users with the ability to choose what farms they want to use or the system will automatically determine the best farming strategies using the yield optimization engine. MoonFarm was originally listed on Binance Smart Chain and with time has grown to support other popular chains including Ethereum, Polygon, Fantom, Avax, Solana, and Luna. In the future, we intend to include Near, Celo, Kava, etc. Moonfarm Mission Bridge the gap between CeFi &amp; DeFi Minimize the barriers between new crypto users and DeFi to boost crypto adoption To utilize idle crypto assets and give passive income to users To increase liquidity for top DeFi projects across multiple chains Create a CeDeFi station that provides a simplified and clean user experience enabling end to end management of farming and swapping of crypto The simplest multi-chain yield farming platform in existence Watch your crypto assets grow daily - High returns possible even during market downtrends - Our multi-chain smart farming algorithm will decide which strategies will return the highest APR. BSC (BEP20) 0 Pools Ethereum (ERC20) 0 Pools Polygon (MATIC) 0 Pools AVAX 0 Pools Fantom (FTM) 0 Pools Solana 0 Pools Kava 0 Pools OKC 0 Pools Learn More Calculate your future returns Select an asset and enter an amount to see how much your holdings will be worth in the future! Asset Initial Deposit $ Start Earning This calculator is for informational purposes only. Calculated yields assume that principal and earnings remain in your Moonfarm account with 5% price increase annually. In 1 months you will have: $0 1 month 12 month 24 month 36 month Moonswap Automated market making (AMM) protocol - Cross-chain Swap Learn More Moonfarm Mobile App Farm on the go. Wherever, whenever. With one click, you can start earning. Security Security at Moonfarm is paramount. More than 12 months in operation with zero hack and security issues, and now we keep offering comprehensive security features. Multi-sig wallet protection With a secure, multi-sig wallet accessible only through multiple co-signers, you can sleep well knowing your assets are safe at all times. Show Third-party audited Moonfarm Smart Contracts have been verified and audited by leading security firms, Arcadia, to ensure the highest level of security. Read our full report here Show 24/7 monitoring We partner with PARSIQ to develop our smart contracts, maintain and monitor them 24/7. The PRQ services will help Moonfarm Finance to be alerted immediately in the case of exceptional events like hacks or rug pulls. Show Insurance Program Moonfarm will soon be offering insurance plans for users who want to cover a part or all of their assets stored in Moonfarm. Our insurance partners will provide reliable, robust, and secure protection services to DeFi users, allowing them to secure investment assets against various risks like Smart Contract Vulnerability or Custodian Risk. Show Partners Feedbacks In my opinion, Moonfarm is a good project under good management. Whenever I have a problem I report it to the team and their response time is super fast. I love quick responses because that way I can be much more assured about my funds. They have an overall good user interface and top notch security. I have invested in Moonfarm because they open new farm regularly and I believe with Moonfarm i will become richer. Chis Using for 9 months It’s been great using MoonFarm. Initially, I was slightly skeptical due to security, but now after quite a few months, I like how it’s reliable and the APR rewards are good! Moreover, it’s holding strong as a platform under these challenging times. I use an iPhone, so I’m looking forward to seeing the app next week. It’ll be so much easier than using a browser. My only hope is that the swap rates on Moonfarm can be slightly more competitive. Other than that, I think the ease of use, the historical trend charts, and good rewards are great!" Pl Using for 8 months Moonfarm's zero fee staking feature is very friendly and satisfying to use. Because it's free to stake/unstake i can move my funds between the staking pools and my wallet. The UI/UX is very easy to navigate and understandable to use for the average user. The new landing page after its latest refresh looks very modern and recognizable. Michal Using for 8 months Subscribe to our Newsletter Be the first to receive the latest MoonFarm updates, news and events! Subscribe Quick Link Home Blog Features Whitepaper Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us hello@moonfarm.finance Press {name} {code} ${price} {percentage}% {apy}% Farm now {code} {apy}% 