 moonrunners Dragonhorde primordia lore more explore lore Season 1 Season 2 Season 3 Season 4 more the den gitbook stake tribe rewards Alchemy Lab native marketplace Flappy dragon game Alphi resurrected in the Alchemy Lab from Primordia’s ancient past. DRAGONHORDE Don’t get left out of the pack. Protect the Moonrunners at all costs MOONRUNNERS the den for all interactive Moonrunners and Dragonhorde experiences. THE DEN Immersive and interactive storytelling. LORE Introducing Primordia Unparalleled utility and yield rewards backed by our WEB2 vehicles. PRIMORDIA join the pack scroll moonrunners Dragonhorde the den story primordia join the pack Don’t get left out of the pack. Protect the Moonrunners at all costs MOONRUNNERS resurrected in the Alchemy Lab from Primordia’s ancient past. DRAGONHORDE the den for all interactive Moonrunners and Dragonhorde experiences. THE DEN Immersive and interactive storytelling. LORE Introducing Primordia Unparalleled utility and yield rewards backed by our WEB2 vehicles. PRIMORDIA join the pack scroll Collections moonrunners explore Dragonhorde explore primordia explore Team Antix Antix is the Founder of Moonrunners &amp; Primordia, he sets the vision for the project and is across all areas alongside the team. Having founded several IRL businesses and managing businesses at a CEO level, generated over 1.8B revenue in Web2, all while being a degen and collector at heart, Antix is excited in executing on Moonrunners ambitious goals and building a legacy. Sam Sam is the Moonrunners Community Manager. Background in Entrepreneurship and Business Management with a passion for innovation. Web3 is the future of technology and economics and day to day life, so this is where I want to help build the next generation of business. His main focus is building up the Moonrunners community. Mr Monkeyagi Mr Monkey is our brand ambassador, flying the Moonrunners flag higher and onboarding great people into the wolfpack. He's a business owner and entrepreneur that specializes in business management, marketing and relationship building. Monkey began his Web3 journey investing in crypto like Cardano in 2017 and became interested in NFTs in 2021 where he bought his first NFT, A Bored Ape Yacht Club. He has a strong passion to build, grow and have fun in Web3. Captain Kong Captain Kong is the Moonrunners lead developer. He is a software engineer with 8 years of industry experience. He has previously worked for the largest German E-Commerce retailer and helped scale their systems to handle some of the largest retail sales events in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Started investing in crypto in 2017 and NFTs in 2021, he flipped multiple Bored Ape Yacht Club, Doodles, Gazers etc NFTs. He is excited to be a part of Moonrunners and contribute on the tech side. Smokie Smokie is head of A2, Our community initiative. Smokie coordinates events and community initiatives for the Wolfpack. To find out more about A2 and how you can get involved, join our Discord and claim your agent role. ApeGainz Ape Gainz is on our development team. He is a skilled developer with four years under their belt, having shifted from an investment bank's FX department to the dynamic world of web3. He is well-versed in both finance and technology and has discovered the ideal space in web3, where his passions come together. Having joined the web3 space in early 2021, he has since contributed to many projects as developer and advisor. In his downtime, he likes going to the gym and playing a bit of chess. Asimov Asimov writes NFT lore, by night and evermore. He's a master of the pen, and has written all 4 seasons of MR lore to date. He enjoys putting the community through their paces by creating puzzles, riddles and cyphers for Moonrunners to crack (or not to crack). He runs his own content agency IRL and has been with Moonrunners from the beginning. Konstrvkt Konstrukt is Moonrunners lead collab manager. He organises partnership and collaboration opportunities for the pack. For all partnership enquires, contact Konstrukt. TopShot Topshot is on the social media and community team. He is a business-savvy entrepreneur who has been with Moonrunners from the beginning. His passion propelled him from a community member to a diligent moderator and eventually to a social media manager. Now, as a part of our community team, he consistently focuses on enhancing the overall user experience. With his entrepreneurial spirit always ignited, and his constant desire for publix chicken tender subs and hot tubs, he's excited to aid the community in its ongoing growth. Jess Jess is our Operations Manager. An entrepreneur with a decade of experience building successful businesses in Web 2. She started in crypto and NFTs in early 2021 and has since become dedicated to bringing organization and structure to projects &amp; teams. Jess is excited to make a positive impact and contribute to the growth of Web 3. Fleece Fleece is Moonrunners project manager, and helps orchestrate our teams, agencies and partners. Fleece has experience building real businesses, and also has his own crypto mining company. MOONRUNNERS world explore primordia night Day Top holders Monkeyagi Monopolizer Infidel Matt CryptoPicaroon DegenHan Affinity Hodler Coto12 join the pack Discord © 2023 Moonrunners. All rights reserved. terms of service social youtube opensea discord twitter opensea Moonrunners Os Dragonhorde OS Secrets of Primordia OS 