 Morpher App Take on Wall Street with $1 FREE - In Google Play View Your Reward is Waiting You are invited to Morpher! There’s a free crypto gift waiting for you. Get up to $1,500 in tokens after verifying your account. Claim Your Free Crypto Excellent Based on 300+ reviews How It Works Verify and Earn You are guaranteed crypto for signing up and verifying your account. Get up to $1,500 You could get $150, $750, or $1,500. With 2.5% of gifts valued over $8. Everyone Benefits You and your friend both get crypto. Earn more by inviting your friends. Products Trade AI Watches Wallet Blockchain Protocol Statistics Sidechain Explorer MPH Token About MPH Token Economics MPH on Uniswap MPH on Gate.io Coinmarketcap Learn Blog Whitepaper English | Pусский | 普通话 Company About Us Bug Bounty Support Help Center Contact Us Getting Started Account &amp; Login Supported Countries Crypto Converter CAKE to USD XMR to USD AVAX to USD LTC to USD BAT to USD BCH to USD SOL to USD TRX to USD LINK to USD DASH to USD Discover your trading edge. Claim Your Free Crypto Follow Us English English Русский Referral Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Impressum Copyright © 2023 Morpher Labs GmbH. All rights reserved. 🎡 Heinestrasse 21/4, Vienna, Austria 1020 Virtual Futures: Any financial markets mentioned are only available as Virtual Futures. All mentions of buying, selling, or shorting markets refers to placing long or short stakes on Virtual Futures that represent those markets. Virtual Futures are synthetic instruments, built using Ethereum blockchain protocols, that grant users exposure to the price development of various assets. Virtual Futures' prices can be derived from stocks, currencies, commodities, indices, cryptocurrencies, ETFs, as well as other alternative investment assets. Unlike actual futures, Virtual Futures can track their underlying market in perpetuity and do not expire. Virtual Futures do not provide ownership of the underlying markets that they emulate. They do not represent a share or other claim with respect to an investment undertaking. Virtual Futures are not tradable, transferable, or standardized. Virtual Futures are also not based on a contractual relationship. Virtual futures are not derivatives, CFDs, securities, derivative securities, money-market instruments, or any other financial instrument under MiFID II and the Austrian Securities Supervision Act. Virtual Futures are not options, futures, swaps or forward rate agreements because there is no obligation for future performance at a certain or designated future date. Portfolio Value: Your investment portfolio on Morpher is not a bank insured deposit. Returns are not guaranteed, your portfolio may lose value. All investments are denominated in Morpher Tokens and subject to related currency risks (see below). You are the custodian of your own funds, Morpher does not safeguard any private cryptographic keys on behalf of users, including wallets that hold Morpher Tokens. Users who choose to interact with the Morpher blockchain protocols retain full control over their private keys. Currency Risk: Your account with Morpher will be held in Morpher Tokens (an ERC20 cryptocurrency), accordingly you should be aware of cryptocurrency price fluctuations. Morpher Tokens could result in a loss for the user placing a trade on the Virtual Future, even if the prediction of the underlying's development was correct. No Counterparty: Morpher Labs is not an exchange, market maker, or brokerage firm. Users place trades by interacting directly with a Virtual Future. The blockchain protocol accepts all orders instantly and automatically. There is no counterparty to a Virtual Future or need for matching with other orders. Users can close their positions instantly and automatically, without the need to find a counterparty or intermediary for their trade. Supported Markets for Trading: Markets mentioned on this page are used as an example of the type of markets Virtual Futures can be based on. Actual markets available on the Morpher trading platform may vary. * All prices referenced on this page are an estimate based on recent exchange prices of Morpher Tokens. Morpher Labs GmbH does not take any financial responsibility for the value of Morpher Tokens. Morpher does not guarantee the price of the tokens or your ability to convert tokens into fiat or other forms of currency. “Investment” in markets refers to staking a position on Virtual Futures using Morpher Tokens. Virtual Futures do not provide ownership of underlying markets. Token Rewards and Reward Variability: The Morpher Token reward varies on a scale from 10 to 100,000 MPH. Rewards are allocated in the following manner: 50% of participants receive 10 MPH; 25% - 25 MPH; 12.5% - 50 MPH; 10% - 100 MPH; 1.839% - 500 MPH; 0.5% - 1,000 MPH; 0.1% - 5,000 MPH; 0.05% - 10,000 MPH; 0.01% - 50,000 MPH; 0.001% - 100,000 MPH. No Contractual Relationship: The Morpher Tokens distributed in connection with the referral program are 'gifts' pursuant to § 938 of the Austrian General Civil Code and do not confer any rights, neither statutory nor contractual, on recipients. See Referral Terms &amp; Conditions Virtual Futures: Any financial markets mentioned are only available as Virtual Futures. All mentions of buying, selling, or shorting markets refers to placing long or short stakes on Virtual Futures that represent those markets. Virtual Futures are synthetic instruments, built using Ethereum blockchain protocols, that grant users exposure to the price development of various assets. Virtual Futures' prices can be derived from stocks, currencies, commodities, indices, cryptocurrencies, ETFs, as well as other alternative investment assets. Unlike actual futures, Virtual Futures can track their underlying market in perpetuity and do not expire. Virtual Futures do not provide ownership of the underlying markets that they emulate. They do not represent a share or other claim with respect to an investment undertaking. Virtual Futures are not tradable, transferable, or standardized. Virtual Futures are also not based on a contractual relationship. Virtual futures are not derivatives, CFDs, securities, derivative securities, money-market instruments, or any other financial instrument under MiFID II and the Austrian Securities Supervision Act. Virtual Futures are not options, futures, swaps or forward rate agreements because there is no obligation for future performance at a certain or designated future date. ² Zero Fees: Morpher does not charge users any fees to trade or use the platform. Trades may incur a spread, however Morpher does not collect these spreads and does not profit from them. The market spread is variable and changes at our discretion. Users may incur fees from third parties such as "gas fees" when interacting with smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain, and fees collected by exchange services during conversion to and from fiat and Morpher Tokens. Infinite Liquidity: Trading within the Morpher App using Virtual Futures is done with infinite liquidity, where trades do not incur slippage or fees from market movements. However, Morpher does not have control and does not make any guarantees over liquidity levels when trading Morpher Tokens directly on secondary markets or exchanges. ³ Fractional Shares: All trading is done through Virtual Futures, which do not represent a share, ownership, or other claim with respect to an investment undertaking of the underlying market. Portfolio Value: Your investment portfolio on Morpher is not a bank insured deposit. Returns are not guaranteed, your portfolio may lose value. All investments are denominated in Morpher Tokens and subject to related currency risks (see below). You are the custodian of your own funds, Morpher does not safeguard any private cryptographic keys on behalf of users, including wallets that hold Morpher Tokens. Users who choose to interact with the Morpher blockchain protocols retain full control over their private keys. Currency Risk: Your account with Morpher will be held in Morpher Tokens (an ERC20 cryptocurrency), accordingly you should be aware of cryptocurrency price fluctuations. Morpher Tokens could result in a loss for the user placing a trade on the Virtual Future, even if the prediction of the underlying's development was correct. No Counterparty: Morpher Labs is not an exchange, market maker, or brokerage firm. Users place trades by interacting directly with a Virtual Future. The blockchain protocol accepts all orders instantly and automatically. There is no counterparty to a Virtual Future or need for matching with other orders. Users can close their positions instantly and automatically, without the need to find a counterparty or intermediary for their trade. Supported Markets for Trading: Markets mentioned on this page are used as an example of the type of markets Virtual Futures can be based on. Actual markets available on the Morpher trading platform may vary. We use cookies 🍪 to build better products. Close to accept or Learn More . Got It 