 Customers Changelog Company Login Sign-up Introducing Vitals Crypto treasury, under control Multis is a financial software designed for crypto businesses. Get accurate statements and automate accounting across any wallets. Start for free Join 100+ teams managing their crypto treasury from a single dashboard Stay focused on your business. Building a business is hard. Building a crypto business is even harder. We experienced the pains so you don't have to. 6h+ 6h+ 6h+ Time saved on closing books, monthly $7k+ $7k+ $7k+ Savings on accounting fees, yearly 100% 100% 100% Peace of mind knowing your crypto treasury is always under control Multis is the single source of truth of your business Multis provides trust and certainty for crypto companies through 4 pillars. Consolidate your crypto treasury in one place Consolidate your crypto treasury in one place Consolidate your crypto treasury in one place Connect all your wallets and banking accounts into a single interface Track unlimited real-time transactions across wallets, exchanges and banks Get spot and historical prices from leading industry providers such as Coingecko, Chainlink and major exchanges Automate transaction categorization and reconciliation Automate transaction categorization and reconciliation Automate transaction categorization and reconciliation Add context to transactions with custom categories, notes, attachments and counterparts Set rules to automatically assign transactions to categories, counterparts and teams Send team reminders to stop chasing transaction details Streamline accounting to close books faster Fetch acquisition prices for each transactions to make cost basis reporting easier Give dedicate access to accountants to share financial data easily Export financial statements and data to any accounting software, from Quickbooks to Xero Get cashflow insights to make smarter decisions Get quick-view balance and cash-flow insights from a single dashboard Visualize cash-flow breakdowns by teams, counterparts, categories and assets Share up-to-date charts and tables to team, investors and communities Powerful Integrations Powerful Integrations Powerful Integrations Track and integrate with populars chains, accounting systems, bank accounts and exchanges Track and integrate with populars chains, accounting systems, bank accounts and exchanges Track and integrate with populars chains, accounting systems, bank accounts and exchanges Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Ethereum Ethereum Ethereum Solana Solana Solana Polygon Polygon Polygon Avalanche Avalanche Avalanche Arbitrum Arbitrum Arbitrum BSC BSC BSC Optimism Optimism Optimism Binance Binance Binance Coinbase Coinbase Coinbase Gemini Gemini Gemini Kraken Kraken Kraken KuCoin KuCoin KuCoin OKX OKX OKX Bitfinex Bitfinex Bitfinex Crypto.com Crypto.com Crypto.com Bittrex Bittrex Bittrex Celsius Celsius Celsius CoinSquare CoinSquare CoinSquare eToro eToro eToro Huobi Huobi Huobi Bybit Bybit Bybit QuickBooks QuickBooks QuickBooks Xero Xero Xero Fiat (US) Fiat (EU) Fiat (EU) Fiat (EU) We have more! We want to build an all-in-one crypto treasury management solution. Here's what you can also leverage to run a tight ship. Spend management Connect a Gnosis Safe wallet, set on-chain permissions and spending limits and initiate up to 80 transfers all at once. Ideal for payroll. Crypto to USD conversion Spend management Connect a Gnosis Safe wallet, set on-chain permissions and spending limits and initiate up to 80 transfers all at once. Ideal for payroll. Crypto to USD conversion Backed by the sharpest minds in crypto Backed by the sharpest minds in crypto Crypto startups and DAO's love Multis Robert Leshner Founder | Compound Labs "Crypto business operations are the unspoken pet-peeve of DeFi entrepreneurs. In creating a wallet designed for companies, Multis professionalizes and automates some of the most gruelling parts of running your business with crypto." Steven Borget Founder | Sandbox "Multis has refined its product offering by staying close and listening to the feedback of companies in the web3 world. We use Multis because we can secure our funds and easily set up a spending policy. With Multis, my team can focus on building our product, not on admin." Emma Norton VP Finance | Axie Infinity "The team at Axie Infinity and I have been able to automate spending approval workflows and transaction recording with Multis. The clarity and control they enable us to have over our crypto payments has helped us focus on business with more peace mind." Set up Multis in 5 minutes Sign up Connect wallets and bank accounts Synchronize historical transactions and balances Create customs categories and categorization rules Export financial insights and accounting-ready data Start for free Product Features Pricing Company Careers Blog Resources Term of Use Privacy Policy © 2023 Multis, Inc. Product Features Pricing Company Careers Blog Resources Term of Use Privacy Policy © 2023 Multis, Inc. Product Features Pricing Company Careers Blog Resources Term of Use Privacy Policy © 2023 Multis, Inc. 