 Skip to content Permanent Collection Museum Incubator Team Writings Open Menu $moca dApp Permanent Collection Museum Incubator Team Writings Our mission is to preserve the truth. A common truth is found when many voices are heard. At its core, the Museum of Crypto Art (M○C△) challenges, creates conflict, provokes. M○C△ puts forward a broad representation of perspectives meant to upend our sense of who we are. It poses two questions: “what is art?” and “who decides?” We aim to resolve these questions through a multi-stakeholder decentralized platform of art curation and exhibition. What follows is the M○C△ mission. M○C△ is a testament to those who dared to believe in a better future that prioritized sovereignty, market access, and freedom of expression in the arts. Crypto art is a visual aesthetic that communicates these ideals. Those who rise to the challenge of creating crypto art are evangelists for a new socio-economic paradigm. M○C△ takes collective actions to form a revolution. As the first cultural institution of crypto art, M○C△ will become the premier space for discourse around digital art, crypto culture, frontier technology, and the NFT revolution. It will be an experimental playground for reawakening imagination.&nbsp; It will be free-form, refuse stasis, and seek inspiration and leadership from an inclusive and global community. The M○C△ Genesis Collection is a time capsule for the Metaverse and its travelers. The artworks which comprise the Genesis Collection represent the earliest etchings on the blockchain, and will come to be regarded as the digital cave paintings of our transhumanist narrative. There is a uniquely human, ineffable “why?” which future algorithms will attempt to interpret when they analyze these initial blockchain transactions. We anticipate the collection will be critical in answering this question. The Museum has developed the infrastructure to align interests and safeguard the communal story of crypto art.&nbsp; At the heart of this is the public good and its stewardship. Introducing $MOCA incentivizes collaboration and allows people to add to and responsibly care for a community collection. In tying relationships, investments, and interests together, we create resilience and multiple access points for all members. M○C△ will offer a multitude of experiences around artwork and artists. This will create deeper layers of social, physical, and digital connections and realities. In making the Museum more accessible and shareable, crypto art will permeate everyday experience. Our curation systems and interactive social layers will aim to connect artists and collectors to create long-term symbiotic relationships. These new dynamics will transform the way digital art collections are grown and shared.&nbsp; We will reject outside determinations, and cement a cohesive structure that can shape our communal identity, culture, and recognize what is foundational. Our space awakens you in a way that invites personal change, and reminds you that change is inevitable. M○C△ welcomes the public to explore the beautiful and soul-quenching need to create and recreate. The question is: what experiences do you want? TrizDraw Butterfly The Permanent Collection Date (Newest to Oldest) Date (Oldest to Newest) Date (Newest to Oldest) Minted 10.18.2022 1111 #0377 Kevin Abosch Minted 10.18.2022 “I VOTED $PAM” JayDelay Minted 10.18.2022 |-| / | Hazmus Minted 10.18.2022 [Version 10.0.18362.3=-098] Selfportrarentine Yusaymonj Minted 10.18.2022 /// }|•/-!||/-|•|) ./// .山道 .горная тропа Eceertrey Minted 10.18.2022 [re:Surrection] -of- N,N-EverDie(Mt.)³ Max Osiris Minted 10.18.2022 00061319 : TROPHY II/IX jonaskasperjensen View Full Collection The Crypto Art Timeline Date (Newest to Oldest) Date (Oldest to Newest) Date (Newest to Oldest) 0429 2021 Launch of the Versus Marketplace Built on the Flow Blockchain, Versus is a serverless, on-chain centric marketplace which stores also the images on the Blockchain. 0425 2021 Launch of the Truesy Marketplace TRUESY is a curated NFT marketplace focused on personalities and brands and built on the Tezos Blockchain. 0423 2021 Mad Dog Jones’ Replicator NFT sets Record for Living Canadian Artist Michah Dowbak’s conceptual artwork sells at the Philipps auction for $4.2m and will create 220 more versions of itself. 0423 2021 Group Exhibition: Breadcrumbs Kenny Schachter curates this Ethereum-based crypto art exhibition for Galerie Nagel and Draxler in Cologne, Germany. 0412 2021 Pixelated Public Art Exhibition of Crypto Punks SaveArtSpace presents Pixelated, a month-long, Miami-wide exhibition across billboards and bus shelters featuring 96 Crypto Punks. 0412 2021 The Non-Fungible Collection by Pak’s is auctioned in collaboration with Sotheby’s Sotheby’s and Nifty Gateway collaborate on the auction of the anonymous artist Pak who conceptually explores and challenges scarcity. 0407 2021 Group Exhibition: CryptoArt Curated by Daniel Heiss and Margit Rosen this crypto art group exhibition takes place at the ZKM Centre for Art and Media Karlsruhe in Germany. View Timeline Enter the M○C△verse We invite you to visit our very own virtual world! The Mocaverse is a web-based, multiplayer application built through Hyperfy.io. Here, we host art exhibitions and community events, and we innovate new ways to connect crypto art with the burgeoning Metaverse. We invite you to visit our very own virtual world! The Mocaverse is a web-based, multiplayer application built through Hyperfy.io. Here, we host art exhibitions and community events, and we innovate new ways to connect crypto art with the burgeoning Metaverse. Make a Donation Forum Instagram Twitter Medium Email Us Email address First name (Optional) Last name (Optional) Submit © 2023, Museum of Crypto Art Made by y3k &amp; howler.studio null_title Close null_title null_artist Minted Minted null_minted Type Type null_format Owner Owner null_owner More Info View More Info View 