 menu Home About FAQ Contact Github Discord About Documentation FAQ Use Musing Build Community . Earn Crypto . Decentralized communities with tokens that you can invest and grow with. Use Musing Backed by this badass peeps: What we've done First place winners of the Avalanche x Moralis Hackathon 2022 Moralis finished its biggest event this 2022. Their $500k hackathon was a success thanks to Avalanche and a large group of partners and VC investors! Moralis'&nbsp;judging team worked tirelessly for more than two hours to evaluate the ten finalists, who each expertly presented their dApps one at a time. Grand Prizes Winners The top three contestants won a total of $175K which will be distributed amongst them. To qualify for the top three prizes, participants had to build on both Moralis and Avalanche. 1st Prize ($100,000) - Musing 2nd prize: ($50,000) - Snowflakes.network 3rd prize: ($25,000) - Astrocave Academy See more What is Musing, you ask? Decentralized Communities Where Bitcoin decentralizes currency, Musing decentralizes communities. Built on Avalanche, Musing stores users' content on-chain, while giving every community its own token that users can invest in and be rewarded with. Users can be a part of the growth of the communities they join and they get to own the content that they create, fully. Learn more Post to earn Each community has its own token that users can earn when they create content and help them grow. Communities can decide how they want to distribute rewards with our flexible reward system. They can also opt-in for automatic distribution where frontends to our protocol (like this website) can reward based on views and upvotes. Learn more Mint a Token for your own Community With just a few clicks, you can create a token for your own community. You just set fields like the ticker symbol, total supply, and reward distribution rate and we do the rest. You can think of Musing as a combination of a social app, DAO platform, and DEX all in one. Learn more Trade Community Tokens We provide users with a market to swap AVAX for any community token on Musing. Tokens are purchased from our smart contracts using an implementation of a bonding curve. No liquidity is needed because when you purchase community tokens, they get minted from the smart contract and the price per token gets adjusted automatically. Learn more Define The Problem Communities on the internet have not even begun to reach their true potential. Think back to civilization before democracy and before the invention of currency. Now consider what these things could do for groups of people on the internet. The possibilities are limitless. Join Avalanche Mainnet Musing is now live on the Avalanche mainnet, and community tokens that users create are real erc-20 tokens that you can earn. You can find our smart contracts here . Frequently asked questions Everything you need to know about Musing What is Musing? Musing is a decentralized communities platform where you can mine tokens by creating content. Just as Bitcoin decentralized virtual currency, our mission is to decentralize virtual communities. In doing this, we give ownership of the content to the user and bring the power of finance to the virtual world. Ultimately, this enables a greater potential for sharing information on the internet. What blockchain does Musing use? Musing currently runs on the Avalanche mainnet. Tokens that users earn today have real value. How can I purchase community tokens? You can visit our market page where you can see a list of all community tokens. Once you have AVAX in your wallet, you can simply purchase these tokens. How do I earn tokens today? You earn tokens on Musing either by creating great content or by helping a community grow in some other way. The moderators of the community can view stats on top contributors and set weekly rewards for these users. Or they can opt-in for automatic distribution where our website distributes tokens automatically to you if you generate views and upvotes on your posts. Where do tokens come from when someone gets rewarded? Each community token comes built with a reward pool that is set by the token creator. This reward pool mints tokens every week and distributes them to community members. Is Musing on a testnet or mainnet? Musing is currently on the Avalanche mainnet. Still have questions? Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? Please chat to our friendly team. Get in touch Post Content. Earn Crypto. About Documentation FAQ Github © 2022 Musing. All Rights Reserved. 