 NDB ‌ ‌ MARKET CAP ‌ VOLUME RANK ‌ White Paper Money Blockchain Learn Earn Contact Us City WattGreen Nyyu Charenji Watt Chain Buy on DigiFinex Buy on Latoken Buy on P2PB2B Empower your life Our Blockchain ecosystem includes Watt, NDB City, Charenji, NDB, and Watt tokens. NDB token will help you gain access to the NDB Ecosystem and allows the acquisition of some of its utilities, such as NFTs. Watt token provides access to utilities offered by the NDB Ecosystem, in particular energy-related trading, tracking, and tracing features. NDB and Watt tokens are measuring and interaction tools for clients and users of our blockchain ecosystem. Nyyu is a point of financial interaction for activities within the ecosystem. You can access tokens, the marketplace, and various services and reward programs using the platform. Nyyu allows proof-of-stake, trade, track and earning tokens. PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES NDB Ecosystem, including NDB and Watt tokens provides access to the utilities, the goods and services. NDB Smart Energy , composed of AI-based energy subscriptions accessible via Watt DApps, intends to promote energy-saving. The Smart subscription will optimize the energy consumption or the product's utilization period. It ends the payment for the energy that is not being used, stored, or consumed by the consumer. Partners and licensees will monitor and manage carbon credits . pay with our tokens Watt tokens will be a form of energy payment in the future. The payment function will incentivize NDB staking so that users can earn Watt tokens as a result of proof-of-stake, which can be used towards paying their utility bills. Within your Nyyu Wallet, you can pay your subscriptions and utility bills. GET REWARD Our ecosystem allows you to earn Watt tokens for the unused energy when the device is inactive by simply plugging your product into the grid. This is because some energy-generating products such as NDB Cell are constantly generating energy. By staking NDB tokens on different Pools, the participants can earn NDB or Watt tokens based on their staked value as a reward for validating a block of transactions. Watt tokens can be used as an energy tracker for utility providers and consumers to earn rewards and incentivize the adoption of our products into the energy lifecycle. We will work with utility providers to begin our energy consumption tracking program and start including the amount of Watt on consumers' bills, thereby providing an option to "opt-in" to using the Watt token rewards program and payment systems. NDB token holders will have a higher overall share of distributed rewards through buyback and burn features as the circulating supply reduces over time. GO TO BLOCKCHAIN PAGE TO LEARN MORE About Decentralized Watt is a decentralized energy platform to provide software and blockchain applications as a service. Watt is an opportunity for everyone to manage their energy use, generation, and active energy trade. Energy NDB Ecosystem promotes and facilitates energy-related projects that aim to improve the efficiency of energy generation , transmission , exchange , and consumption . We focus on energy generation close to the location of consumption. For example, NDB Cell does not run out of charge during the device's lifetime because it harnesses the power of energetic electron emission from radioisotopes. Ecosystem Within our ecosystem, you can trade , stake , and earn tokens . You are, furthermore, accessing the wallet, marketplace, and various services and rewards. Go to Learn page to discover more Some of our partners Some of our partners Become our partner Application Application Nyyu Wallet Check your balance quickly and safely, send, receive or trade your tokens. App Store Coming soon Play Store Coming soon Nyyu Stake Stake your tokens in a project, partner, or various pools to earn NDB and Watt tokens. App Store Coming soon Play Store Coming soon Watt Smart Energy Smart subscriptions to monitor, manage and optimize energy consumption alongside product utilization. App Store Coming soon Play Store Coming soon Product Intelligence An easy interface solution to control, track, diagnose, transfer the ownership, license, and manage the subscription of NDB and partner’s solutions. App Store Coming soon Play Store Coming soon Nyyu Rewards Receive NDB and Watt tokens as a reward in many ways. App Store Coming soon Play Store Coming soon Nyyu Cyber Secure Secure Sockets Layer technology to offer safety to protect your wallet, tokens, products, and privacy. App Store Coming soon Play Store Coming soon 0 1 0 6 Community Community Find us Our community is made up of developers, technologists, users, and enthusiasts from all over the globe. No matter what your background, you can be part of our community by participating in one of our online forums, following us on social media. SEE UPCOMING EVENTS Watt Decentralized energy platform One platform to maximize power and sustainability. Explore the Grid NDB City Innovation ecosystem An advance tech hub to deliver interdisciplinary innovative solutions. Explore the city NDB HUB WATT NDB MONEY OPTITOR N[Space] VOLTAMOND NDB+ CHARENJI NYUU NDB FOUNDATION NDB HUB WATT NDB MONEY OPTITOR N[Space] VOLTAMOND NDB+ CHARENJI NYUU NDB FOUNDATION Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter Don’t miss any news. You can unsubscribe in any time. Subscribe Contact Us Contact Us Money Blockchain Learn Contact Us Earn City Watt Nyyu Charenji Follow Telegram Discord Twitter Notices Policy Visit British Virgin Islands Bethel House, P.O. Box 4749, Road Town, Tortola WattChain ENERGY TECHNOLOGY-REINVENTED © 2022 Watt Green Inc. All rights reserved. © 2022 Watt Green Inc. All rights reserved. 