 &nbsp; Docs Tutorials About WXT NFT NXUSD Launch App Nereus | Avalanche lending protocol Supply, borrow, and earn. Leading revenue share scheme. All on Avalanche's non-custodial lending and borrowing protocol. Launch App Audits and Security Nereus protocol security audit completed by leading blockchain security firm Ambisafe Check Security Audit Multiple tokenomics Nereus Utility Unlock the earning potential of WXT and earn an income through protocol growth. Stake or lock WXT for a 50% revenue share with unrivalled flexibility. Wirex Utility Used by 4.5m+ customers worldwide, WXT powers the X-tras rewards programme, incl. Cryptoback™ rewards (up to 8% WXT cashback), Savings Bonuses (up to 12% annually on WXT balance) and X-Accounts, Wirex's ground-breaking savings scheme. Multi-chain Multi-chain by design, WXT is already available on the Ethereum and Avalanche networks with more blockchains coming soon. Easily transfer WXT between chains using the official WXT bridge. WXT is a metaverse-ready, next-gen token optimised for mass-market adoption. Experience a new level of token utility and flexibility — its dual nature allows you to earn interest, share revenue and pay at more than 50m merchants worldwide. Multi-chain by design and already used by 4.5m Wirex customers, WXT is the defining cryptocurrency of a new DeFi era. FAIR SHARE Finally, a fair share Nereus is the market-leading revenue share platform that pays out 50% of protocol fees. Don't miss this unique opportunity to boost your income alongside an exponentially-growing DeFi ecosystem. EARNING WXT WXT rewards Nereus rewards active users. The more you interact with the protocol, the more you earn - it's that simple. Lenders and borrowers both generate WXT rewards (which are subject to a 3-month vest). BUY &amp; BRIDGE Buy &amp; Bridge WXT WXT is new to Avalanche! To start staking and locking it, you need to buy WXT via Trader Joe , bridge it from Ethereum or use a debit / credit card to buy it from our partners . WXT token Exchanges Tutorials Coinmarketcap Coingecko Cryptocompare Trader Joe (Avalanche) 1inch (Ethereum) Bancor (Ethereum) OKEx (Ethereum) Gate.io (Ethereum) Getting Started Buy WXT Bridge WXT Depositing Borrowing Staking/Locking LEGAL DISCLAIMER The information provided on this website does not constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice, and you should not treat any of the website's content as such. The Nereus team provides the website as a service to the public, and is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within this website. While the information contained within this website is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and up-to-date. Analytics DefiLlama DeBank 