 New Year Token Magic Box Buy Santa Bank Lottery Upgrade NFT Game $0.0008 Connect Wallet do you believe in magic? Open magic boxes and earn! Time until New Year 84 Days 12 Hours 44 Minutes 59 Seconds Open magic box Be Lucky and Earn! Every NFT in our New Year collection has its own rarity. The better rarity it has - the better and bigger reward you will get if you own one of the NFTS. Here you can see the estimated size of the reward for each rarity. Normal NFT 2.39 NYT/NFT ~$0 Rare NFT 3.27 NYT/NFT ~$0 Legendary NFT 16.31 NYT/NFT ~$0.01 Features Welcome to the New Year dream! Make your day and life better and meet Happy New Year with our fascinating and special project — using our unique features. New features for the new 2023 season! Magic box New Year — is the best time of the every year, people unite, dreams come true, wishes are made for the next year… This is your chance to try your luck with our unique new year magic boxes! Open them with NYT and take part in the New Year Lottery! Every NFT is special and unique, but they have different rarity. Rarer NFT = bigger reward in Santa's Bank. New year NFTS We are bringing in 10 unique New Year NFT. Each NFT has its special and unique design. This collection consists of different of symbols connected with New Year Celebrating from all around the world. The rarest NFT represents the symbol of the 2023 — Black Water Rabbit. Each NFT is made with love and must bring a piece of New Year's mood! New Year Token New year token — main token of our ecosystem. Liquidity locked on DxSale for more than 1 year. You can use NYT to open Magic boxes and get NFTs. In the future it will be used for other features in our ecosystem. Price of NYT affects Santa's bank prices. New Year Lottery Take your NFTs to the crafting section and try your best to upgrade NFTs rarity! If you success, you will get profit, if you lose, your NFTs will be burned! (you need to have Ice Shards to try) New year Crafting Play our New Year version of Heads or Tails game! Join Santa's playground and try you luck! If you are lucky enough, you can double your NFTs! Otherwise, Santa will burn them. New Year Game Our new amazing feature. Collect ice shards before the New Year. In the end of December join our lottery and take part in our great draw! More ice shards = higher chance to win the lottery prize. Collect Them All 2023 2022 Hot Cocao basic Collect Eggnog basic Collect Mulled Wine basic Collect Bayberry Candle normal Collect Snowglobe normal Collect Mistletoe normal Collect Bitsy rare Collect Follin rare Collect Nipsy rare Collect Black Water Rabbit legendary Collect Seasons Current Season Season 2023 Past season is ended... But new season is coming! As promised, we are bringing big update and new features. Now, when you open the magic box, you can go and get profit immediately! (visit Santa's bank page) But be patient, the price of NYT is growing with the price of NYT. Magic boxes became more affordable! Open boxes and take part in the Great New Year Lottery! Happy future This year, we are changing our system and bringing new mechanics. We hope that changes can help project to sky rocket even higher than last year! But we always remember, that the most important part of the project - is community. Only with your support and assistance we can go to the moon, to the new heights! Past Season Season 2022 First season overview First season was great and impressing. We achieved a lot of holders, views and hype. We were the first New Year project ever, first and only one remaining! Focus on that, you could not find any other old projects which still working. We did more than 35x, plus tens of thousands of dollars distributed between our old Nfs stakers. Happy memories People can remember our old Ntfs from the last season... We remember how great was when first holder get his legendary NET, how we hyped together your project before the New Year. The atmosphere was great, and it will be in history for all of you, who took part in that and celebrated New year and Christmas with us! Find Us On You can easily check all current information about New Year Token on these websites. Please, use them to know all related information. This section will be updated as the project develops. FAQs How can I buy New Year Token (NYT)? You can easily buy NYT (New Year Token) on this page . You need to have BEP-20 BUSD in your wallet. Where and how I can open Magic box? You can purchase your Magic box on this page . You can buy Magic box using New Year Tokens only(NYT). What can I get from the Magic box? You can get one of 10 different NFTs from the new season, each NFT has different price in Santa's bank. There are several rarities of the NFT, and each rarity has a different chance of obtaining. How can I use these NFTs? Besides collecting NFTs, you can sell them in the Santa's bank, hold them and sell them later or convert NFTs to the tickets, which you can use in the New Year Lottery. What is "Santa's Bank"? It's special place, where you can sell your NFTs, Santa will burn them and give you NYT. Price of NFTs is based on the NYT price. How can I take part in the New Year Lottery? The draw of the New Year Lottery will be on the New Year night. To join lottery you will need to join it using tickets. What are tickets? Tickets are the special tokens which are needed to take part in the New Year Lottery. You can get them through exchanging your NFTs. What can I do with NFTs from past seasons? You can convert them to the tickets and take part in the lottery, or use them in the crafting and game. What is a Lottery? New Year Lottery is our special feature. We will be collecting prize pool from every opened box and afterwards someone will win the prize! To take part you need to hold lottery tickets. Buy Token 0xfDfF7a8eDA6a3739132867f989bE4bf84E803c15 Buy Token Open Magic Box New Year Token Information Whitepaper Liquidity Lock Github Buy NYT Links CoinMarketCap CoinGecko Poocoin Stay tuned with us ceo@ny-token.com © 2022 New Year Token Swap Upgrade NFT Game Whitepaper KYC Audit Be on touch Home Santa Bank Magic Box Lottery More WalletConnect Scan with WalletConnect to connect KYC Audit 