 English Español (Internacional) Español (Latinoamérica) Italiano Polski Português 中文(简体) 日本語 한국어 Türkçe Markets Products Corporates Private Clients Blog Security Company Sign in Get Started Language Currency Choose language: English Español (Internacional) Español (Latinoamérica) Italiano Polski Português 中文(简体) 日本語 한국어 Türkçe Choose currency: USD EUR GBP Scan QR to Download the&nbsp;Nexo&nbsp;App Bitcoin BTC $27,948.00 0.13% Buy Ethereum ETH $1,630.07 0.67% Buy NEXO Token NEXO $0.5610 1.95% Buy USDT USDT $1.00 0.04% Buy BNB BNB $211.60 0.89% Buy XRP XRP $0.5217 0.24% Buy USD Coin USDC $1.0000 0.03% Buy Solana SOL $23.49 0.62% Buy Cardano ADA $0.2564 2.03% Buy Dogecoin DOGE $0.0613 0.24% Buy Tron TRX $0.0878 0.09% Buy Polygon MATIC $0.5634 2.20% Buy Market is down 0.22% in the last 24 hours Buy 60+ digital assets with card or instant bank transfer and get up to 0.5% back in crypto rewards See All Supported Assets Buy Crypto Buy instantly with credit or debit card Exchange Crypto Swap between 500+ market pairs Borrow Funds Get cash or stablecoins from 0% p.a. Nexo Card Spend your crypto without selling it Nexo Pro Trade with aggregated liquidity at the best possible prices Join the Loyalty Program Hold NEXO Tokens to get higher crypto rewards, lower borrow rates, and more Invite Friends, Get Bitcoin For every friend you refer to Nexo, we’ll reward both of you with $25 in Bitcoin Corporate Accounts Get a Nexo Corporate account for your private or public business Prime Brokerage Nexo Prime offers all the necessary tools for institutional clients BLOG CATEGORIES New Features Asset Updates Limited Offers DeFi Guides View All Articles Dispatch #160: Blockchain – Included in the Future Dispatch Oct 7 What’s New: Dollar Cost Average Into 60+ Assets &amp; More New Features Oct 5 🎙Episode #6: Why Do Blockchain &amp; AI Vibe So Well? Social Block Oct 3 Security for Your Assets Learn how we deliver industry-leading security for your crypto holdings Licenses See Nexo's licenses and registrations across numerous jurisdictions Insurance All digital assets benefit from an insurance by our industry-renowned custodians SOC 2 Certification Nexo is SOC 2 Type 2 certified, meaning we uphold the highest standards in cybersecurity About Learn how Nexo is disrupting the financial system, one bit at a time Media Center Stay tuned on our latest press releases and get in touch with the media team Nexo Ventures Web3 investment fund for early-stage crypto projects Affiliates Introduce Nexo to your audience and earn commissions Help Center Learn more about our suite of products with step-by-step instructions Rated excellent on Follow Nexo on the socials Markets Market is down 0.22% in the last 24 hours Bitcoin BTC 0.13% Ethereum ETH 0.67% NEXO Token NEXO 1.95% USDT USDT 0.04% BNB BNB 0.89% XRP XRP 0.24% See All Supported Assets Products Buy Crypto Exchange Crypto Borrow Funds Nexo Card Nexo Pro Loyalty Program Referral Program Corporates Corporate Accounts Prime Brokerage Private Clients Blog Security Security for Your Assets Licenses Insurance SOC 2 Certification Company About Media Center Nexo Ventures Affiliates Help Center English English Español (Internacional) Español (Latinoamérica) Italiano Polski Português 中文(简体) 日本語 한국어 Türkçe USD USD EUR GBP Get Started Sign in Buy &amp; Earn Interest on BTC, USDT and Other Digital Assets Grow your crypto wealth and keep it secure with Nexo. Get Started Show QR code to download the Nexo app Rated Excellent on Insurance on custodial assets by Trusted by 6 million people since Buy Exchange Borrow Card Buy Crypto&nbsp;in&nbsp;Seconds Buy 60+ digital assets in seconds with card or instant bank transfer. Get up to 0.5% in crypto rewards on your purchase. Buy Now Learn More Get the Most Out&nbsp;of&nbsp;Your&nbsp;Swaps Exchange crypto with 500+ market pairs to choose from. Buy, sell, or swap all major cryptocurrencies with zero fees in seconds. Exchange Now Learn More Borrow Against Your&nbsp;Digital&nbsp;Assets Get liquidity against your crypto at 0% interest with our Instant Crypto Credit Lines. Receive cash or stablecoins to grow your portfolio or even finance your real estate purchase. Borrow Now Learn More Get the Only Dual Mode Crypto Card With the Nexo Card, you can experience two modes in one sleek package. Choose Credit mode to get up to 2% cashback on every purchase. Or switch to Debit to earn up to 9% p.a. on your idle assets. Get Nexo Card Learn More $130B+ Processed in 5+ years 6M+ Nexo users worldwide 60+ Supported cryptocurrencies 200+ Available jurisdictions The Right Place to Become a Pro Exchange crypto with aggregated liquidity on Nexo Pro. Place market and limit orders, execute automated strategies, trade with margin, and open futures contracts. Start Trading Refer Friends &amp; Win Rewards Introduce your friends to the world of crypto and receive $25 paid out in Bitcoin for each successful referral. Start Inviting Grow with Your Community Get a revenue share by joining Nexo's Affiliate Program. Make money every time an invited user makes a swap or borrows funds on the Nexo platform. Become an Affiliate Security-First Approach Insurance on custodial assets by SOC 2 Type 2 certification Sustainable Model Our proven real-time risk engine and strict collateralization requirements ensure we generate earnings in a safe way. Learn More Custodial Insurance All digital assets benefit from insurance from our custody partners such as Ledger Vault and Bakkt. Learn More As Featured in Trusted, Award-Winning Digital Asset Platform See all prestigious awards recognizing Nexo's cutting-edge technology, ease of use, and overall mission to serve as a bridge between traditional and digital finance. Grow Your Portfolio on&nbsp;the&nbsp;Go Buy digital assets, borrow against them, or swap between 500+ market pairs on the highly-rated Nexo app. Get&nbsp;Started Scan QR to Download the&nbsp;Nexo&nbsp;App Sign up for updates Follow us Products Buy Exchange Borrow Nexo Card Nexo Pro Referral Company About Security Licenses Nexo Prime Nexo Private Nexo Ventures Corporates Affiliates Careers Resources Blog Media Center Help Center Contacts Sitemap Vulnerability Disclosure Legal Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Conditions Services Terms Borrow Terms Earn Terms Exchange Terms DeFi Terms Staking Terms Nexo Card Terms Affiliate Terms Cookies Policy Mobile app ISO/IEC 27001:2013 &amp; SOC 2 Type 2 Certification Licensed &amp; Regulated Digital Assets Institution Trusted by 6M+ people since 2018 All or part of the Nexo Services, some features thereof, or some Digital Assets, are not available in certain jurisdictions, including where restrictions or limitations may apply, as indicated on the Nexo Platform and in the relevant general terms and conditions. Copyright 2023 Nexo. All rights reserved. Cookies Button Cookie Notice This website uses cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. I understand Manage Cookies Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Functional Cookies Performance Cookies Targeting Cookies Your Privacy We and our vendors use cookies which may store or retrieve information on your browser. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device, does not usually directly identify you and is mostly used to make the Nexo Platform work as you expect it to. You can manage these cookies via the Manage Cookies option. Please note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the Nexo Platform and the services we are able to offer. For more information please see our More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the Nexo Platform to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Nexo Platform may not then work properly. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. View Vendor Details‎ Functional Cookies Always Active These cookies enable the Nexo Platform to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to the Nexo Platform. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. View Vendor Details‎ Performance Cookies Always Active These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Nexo Platform. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Nexo Platform. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited the Nexo Platform, and will not be able to monitor its performance. View Vendor Details‎ Targeting Cookies Always Active These cookies may be set through the Nexo Platform by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. View Vendor Details‎ Back Button Back Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View Third Party Cookies Name cookie name Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Allow All 