 Cover products Claims Ecosystem Learn Docs Developers FAQ Blog Contact us Launch app Buy Cover Industry leading on-chain protection Nexus Mutual is the insurance alternative for crypto and more. Deep capacity meets complete transparency $ 4 B Cover underwritten $ 31 M Active cover $ 17 M+ Claims paid $ 234 M Capital pool Explore data Comprehensive Cover Superior protection for a range of risks, designed to bring you peace of mind. Protocol Cover Protect against failures in an individual protocol. ETH Slashing Cover Protect your ETH validators against penalties and missed rewards. Yield Token Cover Protect your interest-bearing tokens against depegging events. Custody Cover Protect against losses on a centralised exchange. D&amp;O Cover Coming soon... Real World Risk Coming soon... Explore cover Nexus Mutual enables members to share risks. A real member-powered insurance alternative. Experts manage pooled capital, underwrite risk, and provide cover within a globally accessible risk marketplace. How risk is shared through Nexus Mutual Cover buyers Members can buy cover products to protect against any of the supported risks. Cover capacity is sourced from one or more staking pools. Staking pools Risk is assessed and managed in individual staking pools. Members with risk and pricing expertise can create a staking pool, manage staked NXM, underwrite risk, and earn a fee. COMING&nbsp;WITH&nbsp;V2 NXM stakers Members can delegate their staked NXM, provide underwriting liquidity to risk experts, and earn rewards when members buy cover. COMING&nbsp;WITH&nbsp;V2 Join Nexus Mutual Security Security of the Nexus Mutual protocol is our highest priority, which is why our code has been reviewed by industry-leading auditors. Our team works with Immunefi to manage a bug bounty program, which incentivises responsible vulnerability disclosures. Security audit Security audit Security audit Bug bounty Protocol security Stay informed and never miss a&nbsp;weekly update! The insurance alternative for crypto and more. Risk Marketplace Cover products Claims Ecosystem About Governance Careers Brand kit Contact us Learn Analytics Docs Developers Security FAQ Blog Privacy policy . Terms of use . Preference. 