 NFTBOX Dashboard Mining Pool Farming Pool Bonuses Pool NFT Market Market Market(V2) Auction NFT Auction PUNK Auction Minute Box Auction Hourly Box Auction Airdrop Referral 10% Burning new Onmyoji Buy Box 80% discount Onmyoji NFT Leaderboard Shikigami Display Combine Guide Kingdom Buy Box 80% discount Kingdoms NFT Leaderboard Heroes Display Combine Guide Other KingdomPunk NFA(Apeswap) Roadmap Partner FAQ English / 中文 Switch theme Connect Wallet Farming Pool 0.000 Combine NFT cards to farm every second Bonuses Pool 0.000 Combine special NFT cards to win huge bonuses NFTBOX Copyright © 2021 NFTBox All Rights Reserved. STAR SYSTEM RELEASE The star system already supports the following functions 1. Users can upgrade from a 1-star NFT card to a 2-star NFT card, and from a 2-star NFT card to a 3-star NFT card. 2. You can use 1 NFT card to upgrade stars, you can also use 2 NFT cards to upgrade stars, or 3 cards to upgrade stars. Different numbers have different chance. The chance of 1 NFT card upgrading star is 30%. The chance of upgradding stars for 2 NFT cards is 63%, and the chance of upgrading stars for 3 NFT cards is 100%. 3. Combination cards can also be upgraded. 4. The mining power and farming points of a 2-star NFT card are 4 times that of a 1-star NFT card. The mining power and farming points of the 3-star NFT card are 4 times the mining points of the 2-star card. 5. When upgrading, a certain amount of NB token is required as the upgrading material. 6. 2-star NFT Combination card and 3-star NFT Combination card are not support to convert bonus in the bonuses pool. 7. Warning : If the NFT card star upgrating fails, the NFT card will be burned. 8. Warning : The downgrading function is not currently supported . Currently, it does not support downgrading 2-star card to 1-star cards , and a 3-star card to 2-star cards . go Connect Wallet MetaMask TrustWallet MathWallet TokenPocket WalletConnect Binance Chain Wallet Connected wallet does not touch your assets, your assets are still controlled through your own private key, we will not transfer any assets to your wallet address without your permission Learn more about wallets My Wallet View on Copy Address Logout 