 Excellent 4.4 out of 5 Buyer Protection Program When you buy a domain name at Dan.com, you’re automatically covered by our unique Buyer Protection Program. Read more about how we keep you safe on our Trust and Security page. Next to our secure domain ownership transfer process, we strictly monitor all transactions. If anything looks weird, we take immediate action. And if the seller doesn't deliver on their part of the deal, we refund you within 24 hours. Fast &amp; easy transfers 98% of all domain ownership transfers are completed within 24 hours. The seller first delivers the domain to us, then we send you your tailored transfer instructions. Need help? Our domain ownership transfer specialists will assist you at no additional cost. Hassle free payments Pay by bank wire and get a 1% discount or use one of the most popular payment options available through our payment processor, Adyen. Adyen is the payment platform of choice for many leading tech companies like Uber &amp; eBay. VAT overview ) Value Added Tax The Value Added Tax (VAT) is a consumption tax applied in the European Union (EU) to all goods and services. Who has to pay VAT? All consumers in the EU are charged VAT on the purchase of goods and services. Businesses in the EU buying from a business in the same country are also charged VAT. Businesses in the EU buying from a business in a different EU country are not charged VAT. Consumers and businesses outside of the European Union are not charged VAT. VAT example The VAT rate provided on this page is only an example. It will be calculated accordingly during the checkout process after entering your billing details. VAT calculation example What do I pay? Costs in USD Price excl. VAT USD $1,000 21% VAT USD $210 Total Price USD $1,210 Estimate in HKD ) Conversion This amount is an estimate based on the most recent currency conversion rate. Pricing estimate in HKD What do I pay? Costs in USD Price excl. VAT USD $1,888 0% VAT USD $0 Total Price USD $1,888 Lease to own conditions USD $104 Monthly Payment Months ) ) Price overview Full ownership after 20 months Long term service fee 10 % Total purchase price 2,077 ) Use the domain shortly after payment After the first payment, our system automatically transfers the domain to our own holding registrar to keep it safe and available for you. Once the transfer is done (this can vary per domain since some registrars approve transfers only after 5 days) you can manage the DNS of the domain via your Buyer Control Panel. ) Domain transfer after the final installment is paid When the final installment is paid for, we will assist you with transferring the domain to a registrar of your choice and changing the ownership records of the domain. ) Stop at any time You can cancel an installment transaction whenever you want. This is only available for buyers. Sellers can’t cancel the contract, as long as you do not miss any final monthly payment deadline(s). When you opt to cancel a transaction, the received installments will be kept by the seller. You won’t receive the ownership of the domain and the domain will be returned to the original seller. ) Long term service fee Long term service fee is a fee percentage added when you pick a period longer than 1 year. The fee is included in the price you see in the Lease to own dialog. Pricing example of Lease to own models Domain price Installments Service fee $1,000 1 - 12 months $0 (0%) $1,000 13 - 24 months $100 (10%) $1,000 25 - 36 months $200 (20%) $1,000 37 - 60 months $300 (30%) What does the service fee cost cover? The service fee covers the transfer &amp; renewal expenses of the domain, hosting DNS, providing support for years, and the recurring monthly payment processing expenses that Dan.com makes to facilitate this type of transaction. Read more ) Estimate in HKD ) Conversion This amount is an estimate based on the most recent currency conversion rate. Pricing estimate of Lease to Own model in HKD What do I pay monthly? Costs in USD Monthly Price excl. VAT &amp; service fee $ Monthly service fee, excl. VAT $ 0% VAT $ Monthly Total Price $ Make an offer conditions ) Value Added Tax The Value Added Tax (VAT) is a consumption tax applied in the European Union (EU) to all goods and services. Who has to pay VAT? All consumers in the EU are charged VAT on the purchase of goods and services. Businesses in the EU buying from a business in the same country are also charged VAT. Businesses in the EU buying from a business in a different EU country are not charged VAT. Consumers and businesses outside of the European Union are not charged VAT. VAT example The VAT rate provided on this page is only an example. It will be calculated accordingly during the checkout process after entering your billing details. VAT calculation example What do I pay? Costs in USD Price excl. VAT USD $1,000 21% VAT USD $210 Total Price USD $1,210 Estimate in HKD ) Conversion This amount is an estimate based on the most recent currency conversion rate. Pricing estimate in HKD What do I pay monthly? Costs in USD Price excl. VAT $ 0% VAT $ Total Price $ ) The domain name nicer.bet is for sale! Buy now USD $1,888 Lease to own USD $104 /month Pick the price that matches your budget. USD $104 Monthly Payment Months ) ) Full ownership after 20 months More information Make an offer = 8) return false" onpaste="event.preventDefault()" min="0" max="99999999" autocomplete="off" type="number" step="1" name="public_domains_offer[bid]" id="public_domains_offer_bid" data-validate="true"> My offer in USD Next ) ) Free Ownership transfer ) Free Transaction support ) Secure payments DS Seller Domain seller How does this work? ) Buyer Protection Program When you buy a domain name at Dan.com, you’re automatically covered by our unique Buyer Protection Program. Read more about how we keep you safe on our Trust and Security page. Next to our secure domain ownership transfer process, we strictly monitor all transactions. If anything looks weird, we take immediate action. And if the seller doesn't deliver on their part of the deal, we refund you within 24 hours. ) Fast &amp; easy transfers 98% of all domain ownership transfers are completed within 24 hours. The seller first delivers the domain to us, then we send you your tailored transfer instructions. Need help? Our domain ownership transfer specialists will assist you at no additional cost. ) Hassle free payments Pay by bank wire and get a 1% discount or use one of the most popular payment options available through our payment processor, Adyen. Adyen is the payment platform of choice for many leading tech companies like Uber &amp; eBay. Privacy policy · Do not sell my personal information · Manage cookies · Terms of use · Disclaimer · Sitemap · © 2023 Dan.com an Undeveloped BV subsidiary. All Rights Reserved. English Nederlands Español हिंदी Deutsch Français 中文 We use cookies Our website uses cookies and similar technologies, to enable essential services and functionality on our site and to collect data on how visitors interact with our site, products, and services. By clicking ‘accept all cookies’, you agree to our use of these tools for advertising, analytics and support, and consent to our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy . Manage cookies Essential only Accept all $1,888 or $104 /month Buy 