 top of pageSkip to Main Contentjoin the noa gameon wax blockchainHomeAboutRoadmapGamepaperPLAYMoreUse tab to navigate through the menu items.join discordABOUTCommand your team into battle. Build powerful decks with unique hero and support cards. Enter the dungeons and emerge victorious. Earn token and valuable loot in the form of NFTs. Upgrade your deck and advance to higher tiers to earn even more! Trade, build, upgrade, battle and earn!COLLECTEach card used in the game is an actual NFT owned by the player on the Wax blockchain. You will be able to upgrade all your NFTs into better, higher rarity and more powerful ones using the in-game Forge. Collect rare cards and build even better decks!BattleBuild a deck of heroes and support cards to battle your way through different tiers and difficulties, earn tokens, NFTs and more while climbing the leader board all the way to the top. Finish daily or weekly quests and in the near future, you will be able to join co-op games for even greater rewards.FORGEUse the tokens and NFTs that you find in-game to craft and upgrade your current cards, create even more powerful builds with the new cards and then upgrade those too! The more you advance, the more you will earn!PLAY TO EARNEarn NOA token each time you play, if you win, you earn even more! The higher the tier you play at, the higher the amount you are rewarded and the higher the chance to receive rare and valuable loot from chests that will drop randomly from dungeons!AboutGAMEPLAYBuild a deck of 16 hero cards and 10 support cards. When the game starts, 4 random hero cards are placed on the battlefield along with 2 random support cards. Your heroes will battle the enemy cards and every time a hero goes to 0HP, a new one emerges from the draw pile until all 16 are destroyed. The player that still has at least 1 hero card on the battlefield wins. You will receive NOA token as reward and if you are lucky, you will get some rare loot such as shards to upgrade your cards, in-game exclusive heroes, charms, boosters and more, a lot more!card raritiesAll playable NFT cards will be available in 6 rarities. The power of the cards increases with each rarity. The higher rarity of the cards in your deck, the higher the tier of dungeon you will be able to clear and of course, the higher will be the rewards! If you are lucky, you might even get a Legendary card from the limited pack drops but Mythic rarity will only be obtainable by playing the game. All cards will be upgradeable in the Forge. Upgrade a card with Common rarity all the way up to Mythic with the right amount of shards and NOA token.commonuncommonrareePICLEGENDARYmYTHICrequirements to playIn order to unlock 100% rewards rate, you must own a Mana potion NFT in your inventory. You can also play without it but the token rewards will be a lot less and the chance at LOOT a lot smaller.​You must have 16 Hero cards and 10 support cards to build a playable deck.BUILD A DECKOF16 HERO CARDS&amp;10 SUPPORT CARDS​The 16 Hero cards can include the same card only twice in any rarity available. The 10 support cards can also include the same card only twice in any rarity available.EXAMPLE OF DECK BUILDSTART THE GAMEChoose the game tier. New players start at tier 1 and unlock more. If you win tier 1, tier 2 unlocks and will become available for you to play anytime you wish. Max tier is 25 in phase 1 of the game and more tiers will be added as the game progresses and new features and items will be unlocked.game starts​You can either watch the action to see what happens, fast forwards for a faster gameplay or skip at the end.GAME RESULTS​If you win, you will receive NOA token and have a chance to receive LOOT. Loot includes different NFTs such as shards to upgrade the hero and support cards, exclusive and rare new cards, boosts and many other items. As we move forwards, new LOOT with be introduced in the game. If you lose the game, you only receive only part of the token reward starting from tier 14 and onwards.roadmapCOMPLETEDGAME DESIGN -CARDS DESIGN -wax cloud wallet login -anchor wallet login -DECK BUILDER -Whitepaper -Pack Drops -Game Shop -Tokenomics -Account -NOA Token Listed on Alcor -Game Released (BETA) -Metallic Cards Introduced -ROADMAP Coming Soon (Q1-q2 2022)- Boosts Update Release- New Game Boosts- New Boosts Slots- Token Chest Claim UI- Leaderboards(Compete against other players for weekly and monthly rewards)- Quests(Complete daily an weekly quests to earn more token and loot)- Staking&nbsp;(Stake cards and token to unlock account perks, boosts and earn more)​-&nbsp;New Dungeon- Second Token ReleaseLong Term (Q3 &amp; Q4 2022) Skill Tree -(Permanent account upgrades)new card Rarity -(Possibility to upgrade all cards to Eternal rarity)new dungeon -Overlord update -(Powerful field leaders)More updates TBA -&nbsp; Terms and Conditions © 2021 Noa CollectiblesAbout the creators All trademarks, service marks, trade names, product names, and logos appearing on the site are the property of their respective owners.bottom of page 