 About Lore COMICs Marketplace Gallery NFH IQ Merch Non Fungible Heroes About nfheroes Non-Fungible Heroes is a collection of Heroes, Villains and Gods on a mission to educate, empower, and inspire our community and the pop culture world. Our Comic Books , P2E game , Gallery and Marketplace all debuted in 2022. The project is adding value to holders while developing the Lore of the Frontier. ‍ Behind the scenes, the team is working their way into Hollywood. With credits from Marvel, Nickelodeon, Blizzard and Dreamworks, the Creative team's expertise is the epicenter of our plan to reach a screen near you. Our accomplished writers and artists are presenting the characters and story arc for our animated series, and big announcements are coming soon! New to NFH or NFTs? Start HERE ! More about our community NFH MERCH is HERE ! Shop our exclusive Non-Fungible Heroes artists designs or customize with your own NFH NFTS! Shop Now nfh comics NFH Comics Night Ape Issue #1 is free to read and download. Check out OpenSea to collect the beautiful comic cover variants. Every story needs a champion: and thus the Night Ape was born, our protagonist and first Legendary Character, the urban hero that our story deserves. Night Ape Issue #2 continues the story and our Manga is web comic you don't want to miss! check them out! What's in their bag? What if you found a random bag in GenCity that a cat left behind, what would you expect to find? ‍ Print &amp; play this easy-to-learn game. Download What's in their Bag Heroes &amp; villains generative collections ‍ Created by our world class artists, the generative collection consists of 8888 unique NFTs belonging to two different factions; Heroes and Villains. The owners of the NFTs have commercial rights to develop and distribute their NFHs, leveraging the unique traits of their NFT to develop a complete character. Buy on OpenSea villains the gods Collection Size: 4444 Millennia ago, Gods walked the earth... or so the oracles say. A tradition riddled with ancient scripts, mysterious visions and stories of apocalyptic monsters, their tale shall be unveiled as we embark on an unparalleled adventure, and see the world through the eyes of the Gods! The Gods represent an expansion of the NFH Universe, joining our established Hero and Villain characters. While their role in the lore is still veiled in mystery, they will become a critical part of our protagonist’s journey. Buy on Opensea nfh iq interactive quests NFH idle game where players use their NFTs to play and earn . Shop for merch, experiences, art and so much more in our Marketplace ! PLAY NOW The Marketplace The Loremporium Marketplace Grand Opening! Discover the finest goods in The Frontier. $LORE coins are all you need to access exclusive Non-Fungible Heroes merchandise, allowlist spots, NFTs and more. These limited-supply items will be rotated and restocked regularly, so check back often. SHOP THE LATEST nfh signs with wme! NFT project Non-Fungible Heroes has signed with WME (William Morris Endeavor) as a major milestone on the road to Hollywood. Opening the doors to strategic partnerships and production agreements, this is a critical step in turning their digital comic into a full animated series along with partner Non-Fungible Films. READ FULL ARTICLE meet the team select an option: Executive Management Creative Team Technical Expertise Marketing faction leads Executive management Vee @thedigitalvee Founder &amp; Head of Operations MJData @champagneman Co-founder &amp; Biz Dev Lead Shaman @shaman4646 Chief Executive Officer Koa @koa_GM General Manager Creative team Boogie @MadBoogieArt Creative Director | Chief Illustrator Jui @mz09art Character Concept Artist Eurico @eurico_s_santos Head Writer Dinduarte @DINDUARTE Head of Creative Studios Demetrius Wren @DemetriusWren Lore Director Our team is made up of some of the most talented artists in the world. We've worked for Disney, Marvel, Nickelodeon, Blizzard, Dreamworks and many more. Meet the rest of the artists HERE. But don't just take our word for it - here are some of the brands they work with on a regular basis Technical expertise ShadowY Super Coder Solidity Development Rmrm Technical Advisor bad pixel VP Engineering Laurel Babbs Product UX Benyamin @Obiwanbenoni Educational Content Creation marketing MK @TreesAreCool12 Head of Marketing Trip @hypetrip Social Media Strategy Impivdm @impivdm_ Project Manager faction leads General kato Hero Faction Lead Lord Duma Villain Faction Lead Collections Comics Gods Heroes Legendary Frontierverse Products Play to Earn Game Gallery NFH WIKI NFH Marketplace Meet the Artists MORe About New to NFH Privacy Policy Terms of Service Merch Powered by Gen City Labs Copyright © 2023 NFHeroes. All rights reserved. 