 Home Exchange Governance Staking Friends Whitepaper Sign in NORMA IN METALAND You can cook all the tasty dishes and fantastic desserts of the world! Let's go off on a cooking journey with Norma! BGM OFF Cooking Adventure Norma in Metaland is web3 game from Cooking adventure, a cooking simulation game that has been enjoyed by over 30 million players worldwide. Customizeyour Chef Boost your cooking skills while looking top notch! Expend your culinary skills like never before! Upgradeyour Kitchen Upgrade your gorgeous kitchen! The more you upgrade yourmaterials, cookware, and decorate your restaurant, the more popular it will become. Cook and serve100+ recipes! Cook whatever your heart desires. Tacos, Ramen, BBQ, Pasta, Bibimbap or even donuts! World ChefChampionship Compete with chefs from around the world to win glory and prizes! RECIPES YOU CAN COOK IN THE GAME! RECIPES YOU CAN COOK IN THE GAME! Check out the Metaland screenshot! Norma NFTs The 10,000 PFP Norma NFTs, themed around Chef Norma, the harming heroine of Norma in Metaland: Cooking Adventure, will provide various buffs in-game, as well as serve as proof of membership for future services with partners. The 10,000 PFP Norma NFTs, themed around Chef Norma, the harming heroine of Norma in Metaland: Cooking Adventure, will provide various buffs in-game, as well as serve as proof of membership for future services with partners. NORMA &amp; FRIENDS Norma &amp; Friends is a PFP partnership program to expand the community experience and ecosystem of Norma in Metaland: Cooking Adventure. Check out the Friends NFTs released each season to earn additional benefits! We believe that the community is at one of the core of the growth of the blockchain ecosystem, and we are looking to partner with various NFT projects. Detail Economy Our goal is to bring you the first free-to-play Web3 casual cooking game! Check out our cooking receipe to learn more about tokenomics and more! Read more GRAM $GRAM(GRAMPUS Token) is a measure of the value of various tangible and intangible goods and a means of exchange within the GRAM-PROTOCOL ecosystem that GRAMPUS CWC will build in the future. CANDY $CANDY(CANDY Token) is a digital asset used to play Norma in Metaland: Cooking Adventure. Players can purchase $CANDY with $GRAM or earn it through various in-game rewards. Go to Exchange Tradable Exchange ISKRA DEX Iskra is a sigle-destination web3 game community platform for players and developers where they are rewarded based on their participation through a unique community system based on the blockchain. Website PARTNERS Terms of use Privacy policy Contact us Support center Copyright ⓒ 2023 by GRAMPUS CWC PTE. LTD. All rights reserved. 