 Home Partners Solutions Our Mission Oamo for Business Contact Launch App Unlock the true value of your data You are in control Take control of your data and its value with Oamo. Share your data anonymously, earn rewards, and receive personalized offers from companies you trust. Join waitlist Book a demo Unlock the true value of your data Join waitlist Book a demo You are in control Take control of your data and its value with Oamo. Share your data anonymously, earn rewards, and receive personalized offers from companies you trust. Powering Web3 Leaders Oamo helps Web3 leaders supercharge their growth initiatives across DeFi, NFTs, Gaming, Wallets, and more. Our Solution For Users For Businesses Create your decentralized identity Connect your wallets and social profiles to complete your Oamo decentralized identity, owned and encrypted by you. Create your decentralized identity Connect your wallets and social profiles to complete your Oamo decentralized identity, owned and encrypted by you. Monetize your data anonymously Share subsets of your data anonymously with businesses you trust to earn rewards through Oamo's data pools. Monetize your data anonymously Share subsets of your data anonymously with businesses you trust to earn rewards through Oamo's data pools. Receive personalized offers Receive promotions and offers that match your interests, only from businesses you trust directly via Oamo's app. Receive personalized offers Receive promotions and offers that match your interests, only from businesses you trust directly via Oamo's app. Acquire high quality user data Set your criteria for your target audience and aggregate on-chain and off-chain data via data pools. Acquire high quality user data Set your criteria for your target audience and aggregate on-chain and off-chain data via data pools. Understand your audience's behavior Gain valuable insights into the on-chain and off-chain behavior of your target audience. Understand your audience's behavior Gain valuable insights into the on-chain and off-chain behavior of your target audience. Create personalized campaigns Drive high conversion rates with tailored promotions and surveys sent directly to your target audience via Oamo's messaging system. Create personalized campaigns Drive high conversion rates with tailored promotions and surveys sent directly to your target audience via Oamo's messaging system. Create your decentralized identity Connect your wallets and social profiles to complete your Oamo decentralized identity, owned and encrypted by you. Create your decentralized identity Connect your wallets and social profiles to complete your Oamo decentralized identity, owned and encrypted by you. Monetize your data anonymously Share subsets of your data anonymously with businesses you trust to earn rewards through Oamo's data pools. Monetize your data anonymously Share subsets of your data anonymously with businesses you trust to earn rewards through Oamo's data pools. Receive personalized offers Receive promotions and offers that match your interests, only from businesses you trust directly via Oamo's app. Receive personalized offers Receive promotions and offers that match your interests, only from businesses you trust directly via Oamo's app. Acquire high quality user data Set your criteria for your target audience and aggregate on-chain and off-chain data via data pools. Acquire high quality user data Set your criteria for your target audience and aggregate on-chain and off-chain data via data pools. Understand your audience's behavior Gain valuable insights into the on-chain and off-chain behavior of your target audience. Understand your audience's behavior Gain valuable insights into the on-chain and off-chain behavior of your target audience. Create personalized campaigns Drive high conversion rates with tailored promotions and surveys sent directly to your target audience via Oamo's messaging system. Create personalized campaigns Drive high conversion rates with tailored promotions and surveys sent directly to your target audience via Oamo's messaging system.Built to empower sovereign individuals At Oamo, we are on a mission to empower you as the sole owner of your data and to help you unlock its true value. Join us in defining a new, privacy-centric data economy where you have complete control over who can access your data and determine its worth. With Oamo, you can rest assured that no one else but you controls your data. We believe that your data should always be yours to own, control, and benefit from. Built to empower sovereign individuals At Oamo, we are on a mission to empower you as the sole owner of your data and to help you unlock its true value. Join us in defining a new, privacy-centric data economy where you have complete control over who can access your data and determine its worth. With Oamo, you can rest assured that no one else but you controls your data. We believe that your data should always be yours to own, control, and benefit from. Oamo for Business Attract high-value customers Oamo's criteria-gated data pools and personalized campaigns will help you acquire new users that perfectly match your product initiatives. Attract high-value customers Oamo's criteria-gated data pools and personalized campaigns will help you acquire new users that perfectly match your product initiatives. Reward customer loyalty Oamo helps you understand why customers leave and rewards loyalty with personalized offers, increasing retention rates. Reward customer loyalty Oamo helps you understand why customers leave and rewards loyalty with personalized offers, increasing retention rates. Gain deep user insights With Oamo, generate actionable insights from anonymized user activity data and targeted surveys to power your product and marketing strategy. Gain deep user insights With Oamo, generate actionable insights from anonymized user activity data and targeted surveys to power your product and marketing strategy. Boost campaign ROI Build trusted relationships with your customers and send personalized offers to increase your conversion rates and lifetime value. Boost campaign ROI Build trusted relationships with your customers and send personalized offers to increase your conversion rates and lifetime value. Book a Demo Your name Your email Company name Company website Send Request Book a Demo Your name Your email Company name Company website Send Request HomePartnersSolutionsOur MissionOamo for Business Oamo Inc hello@oamo.io www.oamo.io Unlock the true value of your data Oamo is a decentralized data broker that empowers internet users to own and monetize the value of their data Copyright Oamo {year}. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Google API Services Limited Use Disclosure Unlock the true value of your data Oamo is a decentralized data broker that empowers internet users to own and monetize the value of their data HomePartnersSolutionsOur MissionOamo for Business Oamo Inc hello@oamo.io www.oamo.io Copyright Oamo {year}. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Google API Services Limited Use Disclosure 