 Professionals Individuals We're happy to announce that we've closed our $2.65M seed round 🎉 ! Learn more Features Pricing Resources Docs Contact us Empowering professionals for painless DeFi portfolio interpretation Octav’s monitoring and pre-tax solution is designed specifically for finance and accounting professionals, providing tools for labeling, reporting, and reconciling DeFi investment operations. Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial Partners Bunni Want to partner up? Our vision We streamline decentralized assets reporting and reconciliation Service providers investment professionals DeFi &amp; Web3 projects Accounting firms Tax and regulatory professionals Financial analysis firms Compliance and Audit firms Financial advisors Wallet authorization Enable your clients to grant private authorization, allowing you to securely view and modify their Octav data for tracking and/or tax purposes through third-party wallet access. Transaction history Access a comprehensive transaction record, providing a detailed overview of all transactions, conveniently organized by fiscal year. Profit and loss Effortlessly monitor the cost basis, profit and loss for each position, offering a comprehensive overview of the financial performance for seamless reconciliation. Export results Customize and download CSV and PDF reports to see profit and loss for a specific time period, streamlining the tax declaration process with ease. Our goals for you Expand your services in booming DeFi market Enhance efficiency on reporting &amp; reconciliation Offer secure &amp; reliable solution, trusted by DeFi community Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial Our core value Making DeFi accessible We drive DeFi adoption and simplifying tax compliance Leveraging on-chain data power to ensure 100% accuracy and reliability Our community-driven database empowers DeFi users and professionals We provide a secure non-custodial platform for confidentiality and trust Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial OCTAV IN NUMBERS 8,099,086 Indexed transactions 1,800 + Protocols 158,000 + Tokens 7 Chains How Octav PRO works Get started Contact us to get an account set up in less than 2 minutes Invite clients Seamlessly integrate data by inviting clients and obtaining secure authorization. Validate data Verify or update your client's financial data effortlessly within Octav. Download a detailed report Generate a comprehensive report of Profit &amp; Loss for each transaction. Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial Investment funds Decentralized asset managers Family offices Venture Capital Firms Wealth management firms Bundle multiple addresses Consolidate and obtain a comprehensive overview of your portfolio's profit and loss data, simplifying the management of your DeFi investments and enhancing overall effectiveness. Protocol detection Say goodbye to unknown addresses! Octav automatically associates protocol names with all addresses you have interacted with, showing clear protocol interactions. Editable analytics Integrate your analytics, edit results, and track your wallet your way. The Brain, Octav’s algorithm, learns from your labeling edits for improved future transaction interpretation and shares DeFi community learnings with the entire Octav user base. Profit and loss Effortlessly monitor the cost basis, profit and loss for each position, offering a comprehensive overview of the financial performance for seamless reconciliation. Our goals for you Enhance portfolio management, make informed decisions Streamline reporting &amp; compliance with regulatory requirements Leverage DeFi community to decipher blockchain activity Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial Our core value Making DeFi accessible We drive DeFi adoption and simplifying tax compliance Leveraging on-chain data power to ensure 100% accuracy and reliability Our community-driven database empowers DeFi users and professionals We provide a secure non-custodial platform for confidentiality and trust Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial OCTAV IN NUMBERS 5 456 779 Indexed transactions 1 800 Procotols 158 000 Tokens 7 Chains How Octav PRO works Get started Contact us to get an account set up in less than 2 minutes Bundle your addresses Grant authorization for any addresses through app.octav.fi or contact us for custom support. Validate data Verify or update any financial data effortlessly within Octav. Download a detailed report Generate a detailed investment report with any relevant data. Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial DeFi protocols DAOs Open-source projects Web3 tooling Wallets Editable analytics Integrate your analytics, edit results, and track your wallet your way. The Brain, Octav’s algorithm, learns from your labeling edits for improved future transaction interpretation and shares DeFi community learnings with the entire Octav user base. Profit and loss Octav automatically calculates your profit and loss for every transaction to track your portfolio performance. P&amp;L is included for swaps, claims, staking, rewards &amp; airdrops. Export results Customize and download PDF and CSV Reports from your portfolio to see your profit and loss for a specific time period. It's perfect for tax season. Protocol detection Say goodbye to unknown addresses! Octav automatically associates protocol names with all addresses you have interacted with, showing clear protocol interactions. Our goals for you Track every cent cross-chain Know your exact P&amp;L for tax season Access accurate blockchain data analytics Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial Our core value Making DeFi accessible We drive DeFi adoption and simplifying tax compliance Leveraging on-chain data power to ensure 100% accuracy and reliability Our community-driven database empowers DeFi users and professionals We provide a secure non-custodial platform for confidentiality and trust Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial OCTAV IN NUMBERS 5 146 765 Indexed transactions +1 800 Procotols +158 000 Tokens 7 Chains How Octav PRO works Get started Contact us to get an account set up in less than 2 minutes Bundle your addresses Grant authorization for any addresses through app.octav.fi or contact us for custom support. Validate data Verify or update any financial data effortlessly within Octav. Download a detailed report Generate a detailed investment report with any relevant data. Book a Demo Contact us and start a Free Trial The founders Mathieu Baril CEO &amp; Cofounder In crypto since 2012, Mathieu has more than 7 years of product development experience. He is a Top 10 Degen on Degenscore and was the strategic lead at Zapper before starting Octav. Earlier, Mathieu was the Operation Lead at Dex Labs, which founded DerivaDEX. Apart from leading Octav, Mathieu is an angel investor with the DCV Capital group and a kitesurf enthusiast. Luc Blackburn CTO &amp; Cofounder Luc started in crypto in 2012 by building his own mining facility, which he still maintains to this day. He has more than 15 years in software engineering. He was responsible in building and maintaining automated test platforms for manufacturing at Accedian Network and Otodata before starting Octav. He is an avid whiskey connoisseur. ARTICLES AND RESOURCES Resources Empowering DeFi traders and tax professionals with Octav For individuals and professionals operating in the DeFi sphere, the difficulty tracking and reporting assets is a tangible issue. Octav is committed to solving it. Download case study Latest articles Octav Insight #2 — Optimism Grant, NFTs, &amp; OnChainSummer! Our mission to simplify DeFi and help the community better understand their on-chain interactions, as well as serve as a pre-tax facilitator, has been noticed and supported by Optimism. Aug 30, 2023 Octav Now Supports Cross-Chain NFT Portfolio Tracking We’re thrilled to introduce Octav’s groundbreaking update — Cross-Chain NFT Tracking! Now, effortlessly manage your NFT investments across multiple chains, ensuring a seamless experience as you diversify your DeFi portfolio. Aug 22, 2023 Newsletter: Octav Insight #1 Our mission is to simplify DeFi and help the community better understand their on-chain interactions, and serve as a pre-tax facilitator. Aug 9, 2023 See all articles &gt; Let's talk! Enter your email address and we'll contact you shortly to answer all your questions. Full Name Company Name Email Address Thank you! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. You can contact us directly at business@octav.fi OCTAV Features Pricing Docs Careers Resources Octav Insight #2 — Optimism Grant, NFTs, &amp; OnChainSummer! Octav Now Supports Cross-Chain NFT Portfolio Tracking Newsletter: Octav Insight #1 See all articles &gt; LEGAL Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2023 Octav 