 TVL: 75.12m+ BRIDGE: $0.44 Media Litepaper Manual Use Cases Grants Tokenomics Audit Governance Enter App Media Litepaper Manual Use Cases Grants Tokenomics Audit Governance Enter App Transfer tokens between Ethereum | via decentralized Bridge The DAO-controlled Bridge facilitates fast cross-chain transfers in any direction within a single interface. Transfer tokens $243.75m Total Value Transferred $86.4 TVT, 24h $40.3m+ TVL 25 Relayers ∞ Assets 7 Blockchains Truly decentralized The DAO limits the power of developers and prevents centralization as authority over all assets and transfers is held firmly in the side of the DAO. Multi-network Operate with assets from numerous blockchains all connected to one Bridge. Rocket fast High transaction speed is achieved thanks to the Everscale blockchain. The average block time is 0.2 sec. Almost free Token transactions on Everscale are exponentially cheaper than on Ethereum. Scalable Infinite Sharding technology allows the throughput of millions of TPS. Compeletely transparent and secure Open source Open source All operations are performed in an open and transparent manner through EVM and Everscale smart contracts. Relayer node source code Bridge contracts source code Token contracts source code Audit Verified EVER Bridge has been audited and won Everscale DeFi Architecture &amp; Design and Implementation contests. Audit review DAO determines the direction of Bridge development BRIDGE token owners can vote on certain operating decisions to make the Bridge better. The voting protocol is a real smart contract that is authorized to make changes to other smart contracts. Now more than 23 Relayers have special importance in the Bridge DAO structure. Any user with at least 100k BRIDGE tokens is eligible to become a Relayer. View DAO details How it works Transfer absolutely any token. Even your own ... between different blockchains The number of which is constantly increasing. Ethereum BNB Chain Fantom Opera Polygon Everscale Avalanche Milkomeda Solana Just 4 steps and you’re all set Connect EVER Wallet and MetaMask You might need to install them first in order to transfer liquidity Select the route Select a token and enter an amount Transfer your tokens Try it now See video BRIDGE tokenomics Staker Earn on BRIDGE token staking Dozens of stakeholders $21m+ BRIDGE tokens locked in staking program More than $500 000 distributed to initial and active users. And more is to be distributed Stake BRIDGE Buy BRIDGE How it works Relayer Earn even more as a relayer Participate in profit sharing as a major stakeholder Impact Bridge governance via voting Be a beneficiary of Everscale's growth * You must have at least 100 000 BRIDGE tokens to become one. Become a relayer Contact us How it works Make your dApp truly cross-chain Online auctions, predicition markets, games, oracles, NFT marketplaces - all kinds of dApps can benefit from using the DAO multi-blockchain Bridge. Your project is on Everscale? Unlock the limitless opportunities of your EVER dApp with the support of popular ERC20 tokens. Contact us Exchange information between blockchains Seamless transitions between users Unified balance sheets DAO that works with all networks at once What’s going on? Broxus CEO Vlad Ponomarev on Everscale and Developing a Universal Bridge Mechanism Everscale is the most scalable network in DeFi. With the capacity to process over a million transactions per second, Everscale is able to offer users some of the fastest transaction speeds paired with fractional fees. The Everscale ecosystem includes a cross-chain bridge platform with a unique Universal Bridge mechanism that facilitates liquidity transfers to and from virtually any network, a native DEX with some of the highest APY rates in DeFi on its staking and farming pools, and native wallets. Blockchain is just technology until an ecosystem of apps and services demonstrate real-world utility. Begini Cara Blockchain Tetap Berkembang Saat Market Down Walaupun sudah bertahun-tahun disorot oleh media dan para investor, istilah blockchain dan kawan-kawannya masih sangat awam bagi banyak orang. Ada beberapa alasan yang menjadi penyebabnya. Core Everscale Developers Broxus to Host Elysium Hackathon in Belgrade and Online Broxus, the core development team behind many of the platforms that make up the Everscale network ecosystem, will be hosting its first-ever hackathon in Belgrade, Serbia from July 14-17. This Cryptocurrency Achieves DeFi Milestone With Fully Decentralized Bridge, First of Its Kind To Be Run By DAO We would be thrilled to get to know you! Send us your message and we will contact you soon: Name * Telegram/E-mail/Discrod/ etc... * Message I agree to the terms of use of the service and the processing of personal data . Send message Thank you for getting in touch! Ask your question to our community Discord Telegram Follow us on social media FAQ Everything you need to know about Octus Bridge. What networks are supported by the Bridge? The Bridge currently supports bidirectional transfers for the following networks: Ethereum, Polygon, BNB chain, Fantom Opera and Everscale. How much does a transaction cost? The cost of a transfer depends on the commissions of the networks with which you will interact during the transfer process. Unfortunately, it is impossible to get rid of these fees completely, but we can guarantee that when interacting with the contracts of the Everscale network, the fees will be minimal. Given the current state of the market, the largest fees should be expected when interacting with the Ethereum network. We recommend tracking the gas price on Etherscan in order to conduct transactions in the least costly periods of time: https://etherscan.io/gastracker Why do I need EVER Wallet for a transfer between other networks? Everscale is the network that the Bridge was built upon, so the EVER Wallet is needed in order to process gas payments on the Everscale network. What is the credit gas option about? You need a small amount of EVERs to release a transfer in Everscale. With the Credit gas option, a portion of your tokens will be auto exchanged to EVERs and sent to your EVER Wallet I can’t broadcast my transaction or proceed with a swap You might need to deploy your wallet. Once you have EVERs on your wallet, you can press the Deploy button. Then select the type of wallet you wish to deploy and confirm the transaction. What is an EVER? EVER is the native token of the Everscale network. To transfer tokens via the Bridge, you need EVERs to pay for gas fees. How to add tokens to display in my EVER Wallet? By default when you open your wallet, only EVER will be visible. Click on Select Assets Click on the slider next to the assets you wish to display and save! Where can I ask questions? You can join the official Octus Bridge chat on Telegram, where not only Broxus official representatives will be happy to help you, but also friendly and active representatives of our wonderful community. There you can also find out about the latest Broxus and Everscale news. Octus Bridge New transfer Transfers history My stake Staking Explorer Governance Overview Governance Proposals Create proposal Create new relayer Airdrop Docs Relayer node Security Audit Github Bridge contracts Token contracts Our products FlatQube EVER Scan Wrapped EVER EVER Wallet EVER Pools FAQ Manual EVER Wallet manual What is WEVER? © Broxus, 2022 