 Security Docs Transparency GOVERNANCE Vote Forum Enter App Enter App OHM is Smart Money The Olympus protocol supports OHM, a community-owned, decentralized and censorship-resistant reserve currency. OHM is deeply liquid and fully backed by stable assets. Enter App Enter App Protocol Stats Treasury Value $ 180,375,000 Liquid Backing per OHM $ 10.36 Operating Since March 2021 Reliable Liquidity Olympus pioneered Protocol Owned Liquidity (POL) and continues to lead the industry today. OHM can be bought, sold or borrowed against, even during turbulent market conditions. Try It Out Try It Out Read the docs Read the docs Accessible Backing Cooler Loans enables taking loans against the liquid reserves backing OHM. Hold OHM and unlock unmatched financial flexibility. Borrow Now Borrow Now Read the docs Read the docs Predictable Monetary Policy Navigate volatile markets with the help of Range Bound Stability (RBS). Olympus' automated monetary policy provides predictability and transparency, giving you confidence to make informed investment decisions. See It In Action See It In Action Read the docs Read the docs Governed On-Chain On-chain governance plays a pivotal role in the operation of Olympus. It empowers holders to participate directly in decision-making processes, such as protocol upgrades, collateral management, and monetary policy adjustments. This democratic approach fosters transparency and decentralization, soldifiying OHM as true smart money. Coming Soon Coming Soon How to Participate Provide Liquidity Earn pool incentives while helping proliferate OHM across DeFi. ‍ Deep market liquidity combined with a strong Olympus treasury will help realize OHM as the de facto utilitarian DeFi currency. See Pools See Pools Borrow Against Backing Cooler Loans allow you to borrow up to 95% of the liquid backing of OHM at a 0.5% interest rate. Olympus gives you unparalleled financial flexibility. Borrow Now Borrow Now FAQ ALL QUESTIONS ALL QUESTIONS What is Olympus? The Olympus protocol is a decentralized financial (DeFi) system that supports OHM, a treasury backed, liquidity-enabling token on the Ethereum network. Olympus leverages the mechanisms of Protocol Owned Liquidity (POL), Range Bound Stability (RBS) and Cooler Loans to create a robust, flexible, censorship-resistant, and smart money. What is the goal of Olympus? The goal of Olympus is to build a programmatic policy-controlled money that: — Preserves purchasing power via long-term price predictability — Maintains reliable liquidity across decentralized exchanges — Is used as a unit of account (e.g., by being paired against many other decentralized assets) — Is utilized as a trusted asset (e.g., to collateralize other assets or deposited into protocols’ treasuries). — Is fully decentralized and controlled by the community — Is financially flexible, allowing users to borrow the backing against their money Why do we need Olympus in the first place? Fiat-pegged stablecoins have become an essential part of crypto due to their lack of volatility as compared to tokens such as Bitcoin and Ether. Users are comfortable with transacting stablecoins knowing they hold the same amount of purchasing power today vs. tomorrow. Unfortunately, this is a fallacy. Fiat dollars are controlled by centralized government monetary policy and always decrease in purchasing power (inflation). This depreciation of the dollar also means a depreciation of these stablecoins. Olympus solves Web3’s reliance on centralized, censorable stablecoin assets by supporting OHM, a free-floating, community-governed money that is backed by a growing treasury. Is OHM a stablecoin? ​​No, OHM is in the “flatcoin” category. OHM is a free-floating money that is subject to the Range Bound Stability (RBS) system. It programmatically and transparently encourages a price range for market participants. Is OHM pegged? Unlike stablecoins, OHM is not pegged to any fiat currency. Instead, it is backed by a growing $200M+ worth of assets in the Olympus Treasury, ensuring confidence and stability via the RBS monetary policy. Learn more about RBS. Be smart, use OHM Enter Olympus Enter Olympus Learn DOCUMENTATION Github Contact us JOIN OLYMPUS DISCORD Media inquiries 