 About Benefits Lore Contact Our Collection The curious world of Omnimorphs Crafting tales of myth and wonder in the metaverse. Our Universe What are Omnimorphs? Omnimorphs is a rich artistic endeavor , combining influences ranging from tribal to sci-fi, from anime to cyberpunk. Omnimorphs is a web3-native fantasy world in the making, telling tales imbued with emotion and mythology. Omnimorphs is a digital collectible that combines beauty and storytelling with technological innovation. Omnimorphs is a community of art lovers, pop culture enthusiasts, and escapists, connected by a shared love of mystery. Omnimorphs walk freely between the metaverse and our reality... Unique, digitally hand-drawn The Omnimorphs Digital Collectible characters were created by digital artist Dániel Taylor. Most elements were 3D sculpted and used as a base for the detailed 2D artworks to create an avatar project with a different feel. OmniLore story-building Through OmniLore we give our community members a chance to influence the main storyline and fictional universe of Omnimorphs in a “Choose Your Own Adventure” style arrangement. Phygital Art &amp; Story Book Each chapter in the Omnimorphs storyline is accompanied by an illustration created by Dániel Taylor and guest artists. These artworks are obtainable as NFTs exclusively by Omnimorph holders and will be featured in an immersive art book. Metaverse With the help of our industry-leading partners, we're set on bringing Omnimorphs stories into the metaverse as interactive gaming experiences for Omnimorphs NFT holders and others to play and enjoy. OmniFusion OmniFusion is an innovative utility that lets collectors combine two of their Omnimorphs, to customize their look and rarity. They also receive Soul Shards in the process, which are the fuel for owning unique art pieces from the Omnimorphs story. Art Collective We strive to create a vibrant community centered around art, culture, escapism, and mutual support. We’re proud to have excellent artists and savvy collectors in our ranks. Join our Discord to get the news as soon as possible and follow our latest announcements. Join Our Community Name Email Subscribe Omnimorphs About Mission Updates Milestones Partners Team Benefits OmniFusion OmniTotems Metaverse Lore Prologue Art Book Illustrations Stories Contact Terms Cookies 