 In light of the recent GST regulations in India,The platform has temporarily halted Real Money Gaming DOWNLOAD APP GUIDES NFTs FAQS MEDIA PLAY&nbsp;NOW To mint the last few NFTs, go here Check Here STORY MARKETPLACE GAMEPLAY FAQs Play Fantasy on Crypto Markets India's Top Play to Earn game based on Crypto Markets Play on Web  Download App  We have received your email id. You will receive a confirmation email soon. Until the 20th of June, improve your skills by Playing Crypto Fantasy on Telegram &amp; win up to 200 USDC every day: https://t.me/OWNcryptoverse Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. $250K Monthly rewards 25k+ Teams every month 1200% Average NFT APY 43.87% Monthly Player Growth Backed by We have received your email id. You will receive a confirmation email soon. Until the 20th of June, improve your skills by Playing Crypto Fantasy on Telegram &amp; win up to 200 USDC every day: https://t.me/OWNcryptoverse Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. HOW&nbsp;TO&nbsp;PLAY Borrow NFTs from our Marketplace Don't have NFTs? No worries! You can start playing the game by borrowing NFTs for FREE!! Make a team of 5 NFTs and compete Pick and add to your team the 5 cryptos whose price in the real market will perform the best during the game. Sit back, relax and win!! 85% winning chance. Top 10 get bumper rewards!! 🎉 OWN is setup on a planet called Crypton. It is a world where your favourite cryptos come to life. Imagine if Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, etc. were represented by a warrior called Cryptonite. OWN them, play interesting games and earn money. VIEW ON OPENSEA VIEW ON RARIBLE NFTS BTC#23 Common DOT#567 Rare AAVE#897 Epic BAT#253 Legendary ETH#671 Common 13 Crypto Clans 4 Rarities 5200 Genesis Cryptonites Breeding Mix &amp; Match NFTs and breed a unique offspring. Play with them or sell them to earn money. Lending Lend your NFTs to 1000s of players on the platform and make a cool passive income!! PARTNERS AS&nbsp;SEEN&nbsp;ON Community @iGakureo “I started my crypto and NFT journey back in 2020, but because of improper knowledge. I lost some of my money and didn’t do well. Around that time I joined OWN. I learned a lot about NFTs and how the space works and even made some decent USDC. That’s the reason why One World Nation is my favorite NFT community.” @ReePee | OWN “Crypto Fantasy helped me earn without any investment by winning games in the community.I am also able to earn passive income. Because of Crypto Fantasy everyone is eager to earn and indirectly we learn more about chart analysis for making our fantasy teams in the game.” @ Tajbir Singh I want to share on thing - I am playing this game from 1st day as a non - owner exactly 1 month ago, I started involving me in discord and being active on Discord. First purchased on BNPL offer on 6 Sep. Today in one month I reached 7 NFTs. 🚀🔥 @NeuBee Breeding Fest, i have no words to express my feelings for this awesome fest. I bred my cryptonites for a total of 7 times and got some very cool offspring from them. My first breeded cryptonite during this fest was BAT epic &amp; UNI epic and the offspring which i got was UNI epic which is in full demand nowadays and not to forget that UNI is one of the best performer in Crypto Fantasy. In the third Breeding I got Lucky Breed as the chances of getting lucky breed were increased by 10x and in that breed i got LEGENDARY DOT💥 Out of 7 breeded cryptonites, 3 were Legendaries, 1 Epic, 2 Rares &amp; 1 Common.I wanted to breed more but my wallet was almost empty, and I would not forget to mention that I won 4 LFGs by participating in Discord activities which helped me a lot... Thank you&nbsp; @CryptoverseOwn&nbsp;❤️❤️❤️❤️ ‍ #BreedingFest #OneWorldNation @ 1337 - SaeFee There are endless happiest moments with OWN - my First NFT project to invest in. This is one of the best communities I've been in and have made friends too. 2nd being a member of 1337 Leet squad. @SaePae |&nbsp;OWN GG! I won this! ‍ @hoBabu |&nbsp;OWN Bought this laptop from OWN income 😝🤩 ‍ Join a Community full of lovely folks who help each other to play more &amp; earn more! Twitter Discord Telegram Start your Crypto journey with One World Nation Play on Web  Download App       careers blog MEDIAROOM WHITEPAPER NFT GUIDES Faqs Subscribe to our Newsletter Stay updated about Project, NFT launches and rewards programme Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. READ WHITEPAPER Copyright © 2022 One World Nation. All rights reserved. TERMS OF USE PRIVACY POLICY 