 The first NFT game about space capitalism Play &amp; Earn Tokens Rockets Levels Roadmap Modifiers Tokenised Economy The game takes place in space filled with resources to mine. There are 4 types of resources in the game: Metal, Crystals, Energy and Data. Each of them can be exchanged for another. To get resources, you need to build and launch a certain type of rocket. Players controls MarketS Players can choose their development strategy: either mining a certain resource and improving their rockets as quickly as possible or developing several areas at the same time, creating a more powerful production. This will ensure independence and security from market fluctuations. Metal ORM on Alcor Metal is a material crucial for building new rockets. Cargo rockets mine Metal. You can get it from a resource pack. Crystals ORC On Alcor Without crystals, we won't be able to make an alloy for new rockets. This resource is mined by the Harvester rockets. You can get it from a resource pack. Energy ORE On Alcor Energy is needed so rockets can fly to get other resources. Building a new rocket also requires Energy. Explorer Rockets mine energy. Data ORD On Alcor Data is needed so that the rockets can mine other resources. Data is also needed to build a new rocket. This resource is mined by Scout rockets. Exclusive NFTs You will need at least one NFT to play! You can buy any of the NFTs available on the market or get them from the packs. As you can see from the illustrations, there are four rocket types to choose from: CARGO, SCOUT, EXPLORER and HARVESTER. Multilevel System Players will be able to enhance their rockets through the smart blending system. The illustration below shows images of NFT OnlyRockets that will be used for resource mining. Modifiers Modifiers could make the rocket more productive and give the player an edge without blending So how it works in brief: for example, Engine V5 increases energy productivity and reduces energy consumption. If you use this modifier with Explorer Rocket it gives you 25% energy mining boost. If you use Engine V5 with Scout Rocket you will get 25% energy consumption cut down. Timeburner is the modifier that pumps mining time. For example, usually mining time after rocket launch takes 6 hours but if you will use Timeburner Common modifiers it will take 8 hours. Road map Stage 01. Q4 2021 - Ideation - Team Formation - Strategic Advisors - Game Logic Development Stage 02. Q1 2022 - Website - Whitelisted on AtomicHub - Creating NFT - Smart contract completed - Social Media Stage 03. Q2 2022 - Pre Marketing - Packs released and sales - Token listing - Beta testing - Launch Stage 04. Q3 2022 - Metaverse collaborations with other play2earn games - Listing Partnerships - Bridge for NFT and tokens - Other bllockchains Metaverse member The Only Rockets game, which is a part of the OnlySpace metaverse community, will allow users to receive bonuses and benefits from participating in several projects at the same time onlyspace.company Close Send us an enquiry: Complete the form with the nature of your enquiry, and we will contact you as soon as possible. Submit Close Close Privacy Policy Data collected on the basis of consent Upon your request and expression of consent, we collect the following data for the purpose of providing services to you. Your data is not used for any other purposes or shared with third parties. It is removed upon your withdrawal of consent or your request to terminate theses services. Comments Name, email address, content of the comment: this data is collected when you leave a comment and displayed on the Website. Data collected on the basis of legitimate interest Based on our legitimate interests, we collect the following data for the purpose of running this website. Your data is not used for any other purposes or shared with third parties. It is removed upon your request. Statistics The website uses a minimal build of Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States and allows us to notice trends to improve the user experience on our website. This minimal build processes personal data such as: the unique User ID set by Google Analytics, the date and time, the title of the page being viewed, the URL of the page being viewed, the URL of the page that was viewed prior to the current page, the screen resolution, the time in local timezone, the files that were clicked on and downloaded, the links clicked on to an outside domain, the type of device, and the country, region, and city. Embedded content from other websites Articles on the Website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, charts, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor had visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Your rights pertaining your data You can request that we rectify or erase any personal data we hold about you. Contact us for this with a contact form on this site. Close Premium pass card Upon your request and expression of consent, we collect the following data for the purpose of providing services to you. Your data is not used for any other purposes or shared with third parties. It is removed upon your withdrawal of consent or your request to terminate theses services. Close The game coming soon Be prepared Close Close Contact us ONLYROCKETS WEB3 Development and Services Company name: ONLYSPACE ONLINE GAMING SERVICES EST. Company address: Office 145, floor 12, Building: Owned by RASHED MOHAMMED ABDULLA ALMAZROUEI, street Al Thanyah 1 Dubai, UAE PObox: 450450 CEO full name: ALEKSEI KOSTAREV License id: 1027669 CEO: Aleksei Kostarev Terms of Use – Onlyspace By using this site, by sending messages, you agree to the processing of personal data in accordance with the privacy policy 