 earth starting over ORB CITY Partners slide0 slide1 slide2 slide3 slide4 slide5 Story The Year 2080 The year is 2080, and earth as we know it is no longer the same. Wrecked by years of global warming and pollution, most of the population centers have long gone.People had no choice, but to look for another planet. Story Survivors Return Ten spaceships had survivors on board and they traveled through space for a long time, but were unable to find an inhabitable planet. During the course of their journey, they encountered extraterrestrial threats and lost nine of their spaceships. When people on the surviving ship were in a moment of despair, they had a strong feeling of nostalgia for home, the Earth. Story Rebuilding Begins The last spaceship of survivors returned home to earth. With survivors venturing off to claim their own territory to rebuild. Survivors selected 1000 locations, naming them districts. For the survivors there is only one goal: Survive. Story Cleaning The few privileged to have survived have finally mastered the technology and have created the machine called LAY007 to cleanse the pollution. Help mankind regain strength and thrive once again. For humanity ... ! Story LAY007 Introducing LAY007, OrbCity's versatile multi- functional robot, which can be expertly assembled in the Laboratory with customizable color variations.Those who skillfully piece together the unique components of LAY007 may unlock a world of fortune. Story ORB War The citizens of OrbCity are determined to expand their city by reclaiming polluted areas, with the indispensable resource of $ORB. To gather larger quantities of $ORB, citizens are forming groups, igniting intense competition and giving rise to conflicts between these factions. This phenomenon has now come to be known as the $ORB war. What lies in store at the end of this tumultuous journey? LANDFI METAVERSE OrbCity is a decentralized virtual world, where players can Explore, Scavenge and Upgrade their Cities. Choose your Path, scavenge $ORB, generate $LAY, and Discover new district #NFTs. Farming Farm the $LAY or $ORB by staking Own new one Explore the map new district NFTs or construct new building Upgrading Upgrade your Districts &amp; Building capabilities Districts Own and develop your districts, expand your reach Buildings Now you are the owner of ORBCITY Building to earn Roadmap Activations Season1 Season2 Season3 Season4 10% Season 4 Open 20% ORB Lock-up Open 40% Country Vote Launch 60% ORB War Launch 80% UX Improvement 100% District Editor Open 10% Season 4 Open 20% ORB Lock-up Open 40% Country Vote Launch 60% ORB War Launch 80% UX Improvement 100% District Editor Open FAQ &nbsp; What is OrbCity? OrbCity is a LANDFI METAVERSE, based on exploring, scavenging and trade. OrbCity is the first official metaverse land project built on Polygon. What is LAY007? LAY007 are devices used to mine $ORB that are hidden under the Districts. Lay007 can be used to explore new districts as well. What is $ORB? $ORB is the utility and governance token of Orbcity. It is used to upgrade your Districts and to vote for future game rebalances. What can I do with my District? Districts are upgradable NFTs, with 3 tiers of rarity and 6 maximum levels. Districts generate LAY007 Daily. How can I get my District? You can buy district NFT in marketplace, like Opensea and Magic eden. Or you can mint new disctrict with $ORB and $LAY token. (exploring) How to get $ORB and $LAY? Disctict and building NFT continuously mine $LAY. You should use $LAY to get $ORB token. What is Laybouring? Laybouring is unique feature on Orbcity metaverse. You can get $BURNER with super simple labor and workers with more $BURNER will get more $ORB token. ORBCITY COMMUNITY Join our Community for the latest news and updates. Made with fullPage.js 