 Stack ETH faster with OETH Learn more Governance Docs Ecosystem Blog Analytics OGV App Governance Docs Ecosystem Blog Analytics OGV App The self-custodial, yield-generating stablecoin 100% redeemable for DAI, USDC, and USDT 6.00% 30-day APY Get OUSD 01:00 Wallet eth:0x265c...31ad Ethereum 2,052,427 USD OUSD 1,052,427 DAI 1,000,000 ETH 0 Growing in Ethereum wallets since 2020 No staking No lock-ups Auto-compounding AAA security rating from Insurace $15,469,386.95 total value A high-yield, low-risk DeFi strategy Grow your stablecoin portfolio by swapping USDC, USDT, or DAI to OUSD. Yields are generated on-chain, distributed directly to your wallet, and compounded automatically. Your funds are never risked on speculative positions. 6.00% Trailing 30-day APY Moving average 7-day 30-day 365-day Start earning now Fully transparent on the Ethereum blockchain Funds are deployed to automated, on-chain, blue-chip stablecoin strategies. There are no gatekeepers or centralized money managers and governance is entirely decentralized. Current yield sources &amp; allocations Yield source Allocation $11,504,550 (74.36%) More info Morpho Compound DAI 0.00% Morpho Compound USDT 32.54% Morpho Compound USDC 1.62% Morpho Aave DAI 0.00% Morpho Aave USDT 1.13% Morpho Aave USDC 39.06% Morpho adds a peer-to-peer layer on top of Compound and Aave allowing lenders and borrowers to be matched more efficiently with better interest rates. When no matching opportunity exists, funds flow directly through to the underlying protocol. OUSD supplies stablecoins to three of Morpho’s Compound markets to earn interest. Additional yield is generated from protocol token incentives, including both COMP (regularly sold for USDT) and MORPHO (currently locked). Less info $3,889,361 (25.14%) More info DAI 25.14% MakerDAO is the decentralized organization responsible for issuing DAI. The Dai Savings Rate (DSR) is a key mechanism of the Maker protocol designed to stabilize the value and supply of DAI by incentivizing users to hold and save it. OUSD utilizes the DSR as its base strategy for earning yield from DAI holdings. Less info $75,470 (0.48%) More info Flux DAI 0.16% Flux USDT 0.16% Flux USDC 0.16% Flux is a decentralized lending protocol built by the Ondo Finance team. The protocol is a fork of Compound V2 with additional functionality to support both permissionless and permissioned tokens. OUSD lends stablecoins to Flux borrowers whose positions are collateralized by OUSG. This gives OUSD indirect exposure to an ETF of short-term US Treasuries. Less info Unallocated $0 (0.00%) More info DAI 0.00% USDT 0.00% USDC 0.00% Less info $0 (0.00%) More info Aave DAI 0.00% Aave USDT 0.00% Aave USDC 0.00% Aave is a liquidity protocol where users can participate as suppliers or borrowers. Each loan is over-collateralized to ensure repayment. OUSD deploys stablecoins to three of the Aave V2 markets and earns interest approximately every 12 seconds. Additional yield is generated from protocol token incentives (AAVE), which are regularly sold for USDT on Uniswap and compounded. Less info $0 (0.00%) More info Convex DAI+USDC+USDT 0.00% Convex OUSD+3Crv 0.00% Convex LUSD+3Crv 0.00% Convex allows liquidity providers and stakers to earn greater rewards from Curve, a stablecoin-centric automated market maker (AMM). OUSD earns trading fees and protocol token incentives (both CRV and CVX). This strategy employs base pools and metapools, including the Origin Dollar factory pool, which enables OUSD to safely leverage its own deposits to multiply returns and maintain the pool’s balance. Less info $0 (0.00%) More info Compound DAI 0.00% Compound USDT 0.00% Compound USDC 0.00% Compound is an interest rate protocol allowing lenders to earn yield on digital assets by supplying them to borrowers. Each loan is over-collateralized to ensure repayment. OUSD deploys stablecoins to three of the Compound V2 markets and earns interest approximately every 12 seconds. Additional yield is generated from protocol token incentives (COMP), which are regularly sold for USDT on Uniswap and compounded. Less info See how yield is generated Always 100% collateralized OUSD is backed 1:1 by the most trusted collateral in crypto. Reserves are verifiable on-chain. You can redeem OUSD immediately at any time. DAI USDT USDC Total $15,469,383 Dai (DAI) 25.30% $3,914,527 Tether (USDT) 33.84% $5,235,388 USD Coin (USDC) 40.85% $6,319,466 Morpho Aave Collateral DAI $8.63 USDC $6.04m USDT $176.24k Morpho Compound Collateral DAI $0.92 USDC $250.99k USDT $5.03m Maker DSR Collateral DAI $3.88m USDC $0.00 USDT $0.00 Flux Collateral DAI $25.15k USDC $25.15k USDT $25.15k Origin Vault Collateral DAI $0 USDC $0 USDT $0.95 Convex LUSD+3Crv Collateral DAI $0 USDC $0 USDT $0 Convex OUSD+3Crv Collateral DAI $0 USDC $0 USDT $0 Aave Collateral DAI $0 USDC $0 USDT $0 Convex DAI+USDC+USDT Collateral DAI $0 USDC $0 USDT $0 Compound Collateral DAI $0 USDC $0 USDT $0 View contracts See how it works Security first Rigorous processes and safeguards have been implemented to protect OUSD. Audited by world-class experts Changes to the protocol are reviewed by internal and external auditors on an ongoing basis. OpenZeppelin Certora Solidified Trail of Bits 48-hour timelock If a malicious governance vote were to ever pass, users are given 48 hours to withdraw their funds before any new code is implemented. Bug bounties A reward up to $1,000,000 is offered through Immunefi, Web3's leading bug bounty platform. In over two years, no major vulnerability has been identified in OUSD's open-source code. Review audits Not-so-secret sauce Multiple factors contribute to OUSD outperforming its underlying strategies, but there's one big one. While 100% of the collateral is used to generate yield, only some of the OUSD in circulation is receiving that yield. Read more Learn more Governed by OGV stakers OUSD's future is shaped by voters who lock their OGV and participate in decentralized governance. OGV PRICE $0.0042 OGV MARKET CAP $2,977,665 CIRCULATING SUPPLY 698,463,447 TOTAL SUPPLY 4,384,759,439 Buy OGV View dashboard View dashboard OGV is listed on top exchanges Buy OGV Stake OGV To Earn OGV Fees and voting rights accrue to OGV stakers. Control the future of OUSD and profit from its growth. Earn rewards Frequently Asked Questions How is OUSD different from other stablecoins? While normal stablecoins lose purchasing power, OUSD grows automatically in your wallet. By holding OUSD, you get access to safe, competitive stablecoin yield without needing to stake or lock up your funds. OUSD can be redeemed at any time by anyone and there are no gatekeepers. The Origin Dollar stablecoin is fully collateralized and can be transferred like any other ERC-20 token. How do I stake or collect the yield from OUSD? There is no need for DeFi staking, locking up stablecoins, or collecting yield as long as you’re holding OUSD. Wallet balances increase automatically at least once per day. If you hold OUSD in a smart contract, such as Safe, you will need to opt-in to receive the yield by making a one-time function call. Check out&nbsp; the documentation for how to enable stablecoin yield. What if one of OUSD’s backing stablecoins loses its peg? Real-time monitoring is in place to alert OUSD’s strategists any time trouble is brewing in the protocols or stablecoins that make up OUSD’s strategies. The strategists are empowered to take swift action and protect the value of OUSD’s holdings by reallocating funds across the whitelisted strategies and the Origin vault.&nbsp; Additionally, several defensive mechanisms have been built into the protocol to mitigate the risk of malicious actors taking advantage of OUSD in this case. While there is no guarantee that OUSD would maintain its full value in the event of an underlying de-peg, there are measures in place to protect OUSD holders even in a worst-case scenario. Check out&nbsp; the documentation for more details. Who holds the keys to OUSD’s smart contracts? OUSD and all of its related smart contracts are owned and governed by a decentralized community of token holders. OGV stakers control the future of the protocol through a vote-escrowed token (veOGV), governance module, and timelock. On-chain proposals can be used to modify parameters or upgrade the protocol. Who manages the funds deposited into OUSD? All funds are held by decentralized, automated, on-chain contracts rather than company wallets or money managers. Large deposits are automatically routed to default yield-earning strategies and smaller deposits are eventually put to work when anyone calls the public allocate function on the Origin vault contract. On a weekly basis, OGV stakers vote to determine the desired allocation of funds across OUSD’s active strategies to earn yield on stablecoins backing OUSD. The resulting reallocation is executed by members of&nbsp; the Strategist multi-sig , subject to their review and discretion. How do I get OUSD? OUSD can be purchased from a variety of decentralized and centralized exchanges or minted directly by depositing Dai, USDT, or USDC collateral into the Origin vault. The easiest way to get OUSD on-chain is through&nbsp; the swap dapp , which will automatically select the option that is most economically advantageous at the time. What are the costs associated with OUSD? Minting OUSD is completely free aside from the gas cost necessary for any Ethereum transaction. Depending on the current value of your collateral according to Chainlink’s price oracles, you may receive slightly less than one OUSD for each dollar of collateral deposited.&nbsp; &nbsp; When OUSD is redeemed or burned on the OUSD dapp, a fee of 0.25% is charged as a security measure to protect the protocol from being used as a free DEX when stablecoin prices fluctuate. However, this fee can usually be avoided by simply selling OUSD on an exchange or AMM.&nbsp; &nbsp; Selling OUSD instead of redeeming it also enables you to choose which token or currency you end up with. If you redeem OUSD for underlying collateral, you will receive a proportional mix of stablecoins according to the current balances of the Origin vault. There are no fees, other than gas, required to transfer OUSD. Is OUSD safe? While it's impossible to guarantee that OUSD’s contracts are 100% safe, every step possible has been taken to mitigate the risk of funds being lost. Every change that is made to OUSD goes through extensive internal and external auditing with&nbsp; OpenZeppelin , one of the most respected security firms in the world, on retainer.&nbsp; &nbsp; All of OUSD’s smart contract code is open-source and verified on Etherscan with&nbsp; a $250,000 bug bounty offered through Immunifi. Every new yield-earning strategy goes through a rigorous economic review and requires community approval before any funds are deployed. Why does OUSD not grow in AMMs like Curve and Uniswap? Smart contracts are required to opt-in to receive stablecoin yield from OUSD. AMMs often feature immutable contracts or are unwilling to handle the added complexity of accounting for tokens that have an ever-increasing balance. As a result, these contracts have not opted-in, and the stablecoin interest from their OUSD is added to the OUSD balances in regular user wallets. What blockchain does OUSD run on? OUSD lives on the Ethereum blockchain. It is currently only available on Mainnet but may be expanded to a Layer 2 or additional chains in the future. How long has OUSD been live on Ethereum? The beta version of OUSD was first deployed during DeFi Summer&nbsp; on Septemper 18, 2020 . The current version of OUSD went live in January of 2021. Since then, OUSD’s supply has scaled up to approximately 300 million and back down to current levels without experiencing any issues. Still have questions? Join the community on Discord Discord GitHub Governance Docs Ecosystem Blog Analytics OGV App Originally released by Origin Protocol Terms of Service Privacy Policy 