 Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Toggle navigation Pet Gameplay Characters Gallery How to Play Download Docs Launch App STORY In the early days of the earth, the rise of ethnic groups led to devastating wars. The earth is divided into many territories with the leadership of outstanding kings. Everyone wants to break the balance and annex the remaining lands. When the power of humans was gradually exhausted, the kings turned to ancient help by recruiting summoned beasts to accompany them in the survival battles. From time to time, these kings considered the companion mascot as a symbol of victory every time they went to battle. &nbsp; &nbsp; Choose your Pet Your browser does not support the video tag. Evil Bat Your browser does not support the video tag. Venom Spider Your browser does not support the video tag. Savage Wolf Your browser does not support the video tag. King Cobra Your browser does not support the video tag. Evil Rat Your browser does not support the video tag. Giant Bear Your browser does not support the video tag. Green Claw Your browser does not support the video tag. Hell Monster Your browser does not support the video tag. White Fang Your browser does not support the video tag. Thorn Dragon Begin your Journey After choosing a suitable summoned pet, train and accompany each other to become the strongest lord and unify this land. A lot of surprises and challenges are waiting for you ahead. Your browser does not support the video tag. PLAY GAME WITH YOUR STYLE Tough or agile, strong or resilient, shield or sword. Build your character with its own personality. Joining us now! Your browser does not support the video tag. Archer&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp; Your browser does not support the video tag. Magician&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp; Your browser does not support the video tag. Warrior&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp; × Modal title price here Download &amp; Play Now × Coming soon EXPIRED The Insights of Darkness Previous Next How to Play Previous Next Download × Mirror List Direct Link Google Drive × Coming soon admin@overlord.world Privacy Policy Copyright © 2021 by Overlord. 