 This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience while browsing. By using this site, you agree to the cookie policy. Learn more Got it! Home Pages&nbsp;  Pages Home About Us Blog Docs Press Integrations Learn Trade Help Center Articles &amp; Guides Whitepaper Privacy Policy Support Integrations Blog Tokens Wallet surveys for sats Web3 Surveys PackagePortal is plug-in software that lets Web3 companies and Shopify Stores offer Bitcoin and other rewards for loyalty and feedback campaigns. Our 1st Party Data structure adapts to the evolving landscape around consumer privacy, and creates mutual value for merchants and users alike. Learn about us here: crypto rewards Surveys for Sats PackagePortal's Web3 integration lets your customers earn Bitcoin for feedback. Create Surveys Set up your account and start creating your own customized surveys. Trigger Surveys Set rules and automate survey links based on product type or order status. Users Earn Each completed survey earns your customers Bitcoin or other crypto rewards. Integrations PackagePortal supports these platforms. Bitcoin The world's leading digital asset. Learn More Shopify Add our plug-in to your Store. Learn More Ethereum The leading DeFi &amp; Dapp platform. Learn More Zilliqa A scalable smart contract platform. Learn More Read the Whitepaper questions and answers Client FAQ Answers to common questions by companies. Get in touch if you can't find what you're looking for. Why is this good for Shopify Stores? Want to re-engage verified shoppers? Perhaps to learn what else you can sell to proven buyers; or maybe to get feedback about a particular product or ad campaign?PackagePortal surveys let you ask your customers anything you'd like, and they're happy to answer. Why is this good for Web3 Companies? You don't need to be selling retail goods to benefit from user feedback. Web3 projects, exchanges, and Dapps have an easy path to engage and collect feedback, with a user base that is already knowledgeable and excited about an incentive like cryptocurrency. How do I create and send surveys? You can create an unlimited amount of surveys, and send them to customers via email or SMS to link them to your surveys. Users can open the URL and complete the survey from right inside their mobile web browser. How much will it cost me? We've got subscription prices to match your budget and your volume. See packages below. How does it work? Consumers are incentivized to answer these surveys because they'll receive Bitcoin or other crypto as a reward for doing so. Meanwhile, monthly subscriptions allow merchants to access their survey responses, and we use a portion of those fees to buy tokens on your behalf, thereby creating liquidity for the rewards. What is the incentive for Users? Unless driven by anger from a bad experience, consumers don't often provide valuable feedback. This is due to a lack of an incentive for the investment of their time. However, with PackagePortal Surveys, each one of your customers is able to earn Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, to truly own the value of their time and data. How much do users earn? Users are able to select whether they want to receive rewards in Bitcoin, or in XPORT, which is a denomination of our native token PORT. The value of "satoshis" (bitcoin fragments) and XPORT tokens vary at any given time, based on the market conditions of the day. How is this better than Campaign Tracking Most surveys have a poor clickthrough rate, due to lack of motive for submission. Differentiate your brand and attract engagement with a cool crypto incentive that sets you apart. Also, our platform is optimized to capture attention and open up marketing opportunities well after the shopping cart moment, creating engagement with buyers after products have been shipped and received. User FAQ Answers to common questions by users. Where do I start? Go to the Apple App Store , or Google's Play Store to download the PackagePortal app. You can create a OneTap wallet during sign up, and select if you'd like rewards to be in Bitcoin, ETH based PORT tokens, or ZIL based PORT tokens. Then complete surveys to begin earning. ‍ You can also choose to add your own Zilliqa wallet. It should begin with ' zil1 ---'. ‍ *Note - If you add your own wallet, be sure to only add your PUBLIC ADDRESS, and NEVER a PRIVATE KEY. How do I get my tokens? You can tap the blue button at the top of this site that says "Connect Wallet", and you'll be taken to crypto.packageportal.com where you can claim/swap/stake your rewards. How much can I earn? You can select whether they want to receive rewards in Bitcoin, or in XPORT, which is a denomination of our native token PORT. The value of "satoshis" (bitcoin fragments) and XPORT tokens will vary at any given time, based on the market conditions of each asset. 1 satoshi = 0.00000001 Bitcoin 100 XPORT = 1 PORT How can I trade PORT? PORT is currently traded on decentralized exchanges in Zilliqa's ecosystem. You can visit ZilStream.com to view token price, statistics, and wallet information. What is XPORT? DeFi and OpFi are abbreviations of two syonymous terms: "Decentralized Finance" and "Open Finance". These speak to the evolution of control over one's own personal assets, offering financial sovereignty, without the need of approvals or custody from third parties (like banks and brokers). What is PORT? PackagePortal users are able to earn reward tokens called XPORT by confirming and rating deliveries. Verified users can then convert their XPORT into PORT, which circulates in public markets, able to be swapped for other cryptos. What can I do with these tokens? XPORT can be converted to PORT which has many purposes within our ecosystem. You can hold them, trade them, or even stake them to increase your earnings. In the future, we will have a redemption platform that will allow you to redeem PORT for merchandise, gift cards, and other off-chain rewards. Where can I learn more about PORT Visit these links for more token information: CoinMarketCap CoinGecko ‍ StakingRewards.com DappRadar.com Help Center Get your Shopify Store on the Beta list! Secure access to the Beta when Surveys-for-Sats launches. Get your Store whitelisted today! Whitelist My Store! Actionable data Features Improve your market research and post-purchase engagement. 1st Party Data Feedback generated by users in real time. Learn More Web3.0 Loyalty The evolution of post-purchase engagement. Learn More Customer Retention Understand your customers and keep them. Learn More Why Crypto Integrated with Bitcoin, Ethereum, &amp; NFTs Learn More User Insights A Data-Rich User Research Tool Learn More Targeted marketing Create unlimited Web3 surveys. Learn More Unlimited Survey Creation Choose a Plan For Custom pricing options, please contact us here. Monthly Price: Starter $20 / month Beginner package for lower volume stores. Unlimited Generation Send 100 Surveys Basic Analytics .CSV Uploads Enter Free Beta Basic $79 / month Standard package for stores with more volume. Unlimited Generation Send 1K Surveys Dynamic Analytics .CSV Uploads Enter Free Beta Extra $399 Higher volume package for larger stores. Unlimited Generation Send 10k Surveys Advanced Analytics .CSV Uploads/API Enter Free Beta the people Meet the Team! Package Portal Inc. was incorporated in Wyoming, USA in 2019. About Us JG is an entrepreneur from the logistics space. He brings decades of experience as the owner of an active 3rd Party Delivery Company with over 30 drivers. JG entered crypto in early 2018, immersing himself into researching, writing, and ideating. J.G. Whitley CEO at PackagePortal Gabe is a full-stack developer with over 10 years experience and a history of leading multiple engineering teams through both technical and cultural changes during the acquisitions of startups he worked with. Gabriel Chaney CTO at PackagePortal Henry is a seasoned software engineer from the digital healthcare space. He is responsible for smart contract architecture as well as network integrations. He's passionate about Python, Swift, .NET, and blockchain tech. Henry Wrightman Engineer at PackagePortal Ben is an accomplished software engineer, having a NeuroScience and CS background. He's been formally accepted to med school, but has a keen interest in the areas of Machine Learning and Reinforcement Learning. Benjamin Jewkes Engineer at PackagePortal Blog Our latest news Discover our latest articles, feature releases, and more! March 31, 2023 The Evolution of PackagePortal Learn More Newsletter December 31, 2022 Updates and Announcements for 2023 Learn More Newsletter October 31, 2022 PORT Harbor - Oct '22 Learn More View all Articles Pages Home About Us Blog Docs Style Guide Press Conditions Learn Trade Bitcoin Help Center Support Privacy Policy Legal Disclosure Zilliqa Ethereum Contact support@packageportal.com 602-592-0009 1 North 1st Street #605 Phoenix, AZ 85004 Social Media Follow us! Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Telegram © Copyright 2022 - Package Portal Inc. - All Rights Reserved 