 Perpetual trading, decentralized and simplified Trade perpetual futures with up to 50x leverage, deep liquidity, and low fees directly from your wallet. Trade Now Docs Earn up to 50% of Trading fees Add Liquidity to earn Trading fees and a range of other protocol revenues. $60,225,558 Total Trading Volume $2,979,003 Todays Trading Volume $62,815 Total Fees 1270 Total Users Introducing Palmswap V2 Built with DEXcellence. Palmswap V2 redefines decentralized trading excellence, providing users with a professional and powerful platform that ensures swift order executions with negligible price swings. A superior trading experience awaits you. Ethereum ETH 1629.52 24H Change -0.70% Volume 199.37K Trade Bitcoin BTC 27920.79 24H Change -0.00% Volume 2.78M Trade BNB BNB 211.80 24H Change -0.82% Volume 0.00 Trade Self-custodial Keep control of your funds at all times. Just connect your personal wallet, trade limitlessly in a few clicks with unparalleled speed, and disconnect it anytime. Lightning Fast Start trading in seconds. Palmswap V2 is tailor built for high-volume traders and scalpers to enjoy trading with speed, power, and a comprehensive CEX-like experience Zero price impact Say goodbye to price slippages and frontrunning. Our real-time price feeds using on-chain Chainlink oracles provide unmatched efficiency in every trade. Up to 50x leverage to power up your trades Amplify your gains and multiply your trade’s potential with up to 50x leverage. Manage your risks effectively and implement your trading strategy with complete control over your positions. Try Leverage Trading Provide liquidity and earn rewards on every trade Deposit liquidity in USDT and start earning lucrative yields. Palmswap distributes 50% of the trading fee generated on the platform to liquidity providers and 25% to the ones who have staked $PALM. Add Liquidity Mobile optimized, trade perps on the go Never miss a trade again. Trade perpetuals anytime anywhere on your mobile with lightning speed and ease. Swiftly execute trades with a tap, capitalizing every market movement all from the convenience of your mobile device. Start trading Two tokens, one ecosystem Take advantage of our stake-and-forget mechanisms to earn a share of the trading fees. PLP Liquidity provider token Mint by providing liquidity in USDT Earn a 50% share of trading fees Mint and Burn fees which are 0.3% Borrow fees paid from traders hourly Provide Liquidity PALM Palmswap’s governance token Stake to earn 25% of the trading fees in USDT Trade to earn PALM tokens through Trading Epoches Reduce trading fees when staking PALM (Upcoming) Increase Affiliate commission when staking PALM (Upcoming) Buy PALM Sign up for the latest news Get Palmswap Exchange info before anyone else by subscribing to our exclusive newsletter. ​ Ready to dive in? Learn more about V2 in detail. Documentation Trade perpetuals decentralized with up to 50x leverage and earn tokens while trading through trading epoches. Launch App Services Trade Events Earn Add Liquidity Company Launch App Blog Academy Careers Contact Help Roadmap FAQ Telegram Support Tokens Buy PLP Buy PALM Resources Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2023 Palmswap. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Email: Wallet: Telegram: Amount: Referral Email: 