 Skip to main content Menu Home The Game Metaverse Roadmap Token Play Team Marketplace Paradise FM twitter facebook telegram medium discord tiktok twitch Close Search Play WELCOME Create a unique avatar and travel to an uninhabited island to build your personal paradise! Expand to the lush tranquil lands that surround you or travel across the metaverse to become a Paradise Tycoon! BUILD, EXPLORE &amp; EXPAND Upgrade, progress, and chill in a world with no battling, invasions, or war! Collect resources and craft items to trade, turn your dreams into reality by upgrading and decorating your home villa and beach, or build tools and production buildings! There’s no limit to what you can achieve! MAXIMIZE PRODUCTION Actively manage your NFT crew, teach them new skills and equip them with the best tools to maximize production or just relax and create your own fun with your friends in a highly interactive world with endless possibilities. PLAY WITH FRIENDS Collaborate with your neighboring landowners in events and create a lush utopian community. Invite friends across the metaverse for a visit to unwind in the harmonious environment of your paradise or hang out with the diverse cast of amazing characters at Port Ohana! Experience your very own paradise in the most exciting web3 game of 2023. CREATE AN AVATAR Express Your Personality! As you step into the vibrant world of Paradise Tycoon, your first task is to customize your player avatar. This virtual representation of yourself is present in every corner of the metaverse, serving as a reflection of your identity to others. So choose carefully! Personalize your avatar with unique appearances, hairstyles, and accessories such as glasses or jewelry, as well as outfits like hats, jackets, pants, and sneakers. In the bustling area of Port Ohana, players have the option to visit local merchants and find the latest fashion trends, or even get a fresh haircut to spice up their style. YOUR NFT CREW LEVEL UP By assigning tasks to your NFT crew members they will gain experience and level up to learn new skills. Pick the right skills for your resources, equip them accordingly to maximize productivity and gain competitive advantage in events like the Harvest Festival! LEGENDARY! Crew members have rarity from Common to Legendary. The rarity determines what crops and resources the crew member can collect, and what buildings they can assist you to build. Crew members are unique ERC-721 NFTs that can be obtained by purchasing them or receiving them as rewards. Crew members are not generated endlessly and are therefore a limited resource. In addition to rarity dictating crew skills, rare crew members tend to have a more striking appearance! LAND PORTION OF METAVERSE When you begin your journey, you’ll start on a simple island. But as you progress through the game, your land becomes an NFT and a part of the metaverse’s in-game property. Lands come in different sizes and ratings, which determine what resources you can gather from them and if they have slots for additional buildings and other stats. PLAYER DRIVEN ECONOMY Auction House Auction House, the cornerstone of a player to player trading creates endless possibilities.&nbsp; Player can sell NFTs or any non-NFT items, resources or consumables in their inventory at the Auction House for the highest bidder or with a fixed buy now price. CREATE YOUR OWN FUN SOCIAL GAMING &amp; NEIGHBORHOODS Paradise Tycoon will have a set of interactive elements in the game that resemble social media and thus builds the game community. Players will be able to chat with other players in the area and with their friends, share content on social media, participate in community events and collaborate with their neighbors. THE WORLD OF PARADISE TYCOON Paradise Tycoon is not just about gathering resources, maximizing production and participating in events. Let your crew take care of the crops, grab a hammer and build an additional wing to your home villa, paint the fence or set up a hammock to your favorite spot on the beach! LET YOUR IMAGINATION RUN WILD The environment in Paradise Tycoon responds to a player’s actions. The World is immersive, interactable and encourages players to create their own goals and find their own fun in addition to the short and long-term goals provided in the gameplay. Expect an invitation to a crazy sailboat race, evenings of chill fishing or hop in for a moonlight swim! METAVERSE EVOLUTION Your journey begins at your new home. Build and expand your paradise and participate in the Harvest Festival !&nbsp; Visit other players islands through world map. Socialise &amp; chat with others. Customize your place to impress! Port Ohana is where you will meet old friends and make new ones, or visit the bank, town hall or marketplace! Explore the metaverse without any limits on a boat or enjoy the virtual sunset on your own&nbsp; paradise island. SHARED METAVERSE NFTs can function as in-game assets, providing players with a sense of ownership that enhances their game experience. However, even the most exceptional games eventually come to an end. That’s why we created our Shared Metaverse, where you can freely explore the picturesque islands and shores of Paradise Tycoon, or transfer your NFTs to our upcoming games in other parts of the Metaverse, allowing for decade+ long journeys. ISLA TROPICA PORT OHANA ALE KAI SHORES IVORY ATOLLS SOUTH BEACH COMING SOON Close Menu Home The Game Metaverse Roadmap Token Play Team Marketplace Paradise FM twitter facebook telegram medium discord tiktok twitch 