 Join 110,000+ REAL Supporters in Discord! Join Discord Click here to show official token contract addresses. SupportCareersHow To PlayTokenomicsTeamRoadmapWhite Paper Play Now Scroll down AboutPegaxy Learn More About Us Pegaxy (Pegasus Galaxy) is a racing game with futuristic mythological styling. Pega (the horses) are descendants of the mighty Pegasus. In this game, players will participate in PvP format races to win rewards in the platforms native utility token, VIS (Vigorus). Bloodlines Racing It’s not as easy as it looks! Mastering the elements is important and winning VIS is the end goal. Refine your skills, understand the mechanics and dominate the competition. Breeding Whether you breed Pega for resale profit, for fun or even breed for your scholars, the more Pega you have, the better. Renting If you plan to be a manager, there’s no need for manual scholar payments and multiple wallets. Everything in Pegaxy is handled via escrow automatically. It’s safe, transparent and fast for everyone. Zan When strong winds come into play, the Zan Pega bloodline only works harder. Designed specifically for wind, Zan Pega should be your choice. Focus and stability are their strengths. Pega Bloodlines There are 4 different bloodlines in Pegaxy, some rarer than others. If you're a collector, look closely. If you're a racer, get onto the track and get testing. If you see an amazing Pega available, do not hesitate. Greatness waits for no-one. Hoz Zeus would possess one if he could. The rarest bloodline of the Founding Pega, Hoz are married to lightning. Almost a mythic existence, the Hoz Pega bloodline is powerful and rewarding to owners, and a force to be reckoned with on the track. They are the elite. Campona Bonded with fire, the Campona bloodline naturally adapts and overcomes to the struggles associated with fiery conditions. Resistant and fast, Campona Pega are known as gods Klin The masters of water, the Klin bloodline have it running through their veins. Well performing in rainy and wet weather conditions, a Klin Pega is desired for their reliability and focus during tough weather. Zan When strong winds come into play, the Zan Pega bloodline only works harder. Designed specifically for wind, Zan Pega should be your choice. Focus and stability are their strengths. Pega Bloodlines There are 4 different bloodlines in Pegaxy, some rarer than others. If you're a collector, look closely. If you're a racer, get onto the track and get testing. If you see an amazing Pega available, do not hesitate. Greatness waits for no-one. Hoz Zeus would possess one if he could. The rarest bloodline of the Founding Pega, Hoz are married to lightning. Almost a mythic existence, the Hoz Pega bloodline is powerful and rewarding to owners, and a force to be reckoned with on the track. They are the elite. Campona Bonded with fire, the Campona bloodline naturally adapts and overcomes to the struggles associated with fiery conditions. Resistant and fast, Campona Pega are known as gods Klin The masters of water, the Klin bloodline have it running through their veins. Well performing in rainy and wet weather conditions, a Klin Pega is desired for their reliability and focus during tough weather. Zan When strong winds come into play, the Zan Pega bloodline only works harder. Designed specifically for wind, Zan Pega should be your choice. Focus and stability are their strengths. Game Play Pegaxy has a very unique ecosystem that allows players to enter any race, for free. With this economic model, gameplay is very competitive, however the rewards are still lucrative. Players compete against 14 other racers in an attempt to earn a top 3 placement. All players inside the top 3 earn VIS tokens, the platforms utility token. Knowledge, strategy and skill are all required to place in the top 3. Be prepared to race, dedicate time and be one with your Pega, the rewards will make it all worthwhile. How To Play HowTo Play Connect Connect your Wallet to the Polygon Chain and Pegaxy Website. Purchase or Rent Purchase or rent a single Pega from the Marketplace. Enter Race Click the Enter Race button and you will be pushed into a lobby matching your Pega’s class, instantly. Prepare Once the lobby is full, you will have 60 seconds to assess the tracks variables and fit gear to help your Pega match the tracks variables. Race Watch your Pega race against 14 others! If you place in the top 3, you win VIS tokens! Tokenomics Governance and Utility Tokens Slide Left Blockchain Token Name Token Symbol Use Case Token Decimals Token Type Total Supply PGX Polygon (Matic) Chain Pegaxy Stone PGX Governance 18 ERC-20 1,000,000,000 PGX (1B) VIS Polygon (Matic) Chain Vigorus VIS Utility 18 ERC-20 Uncapped Utility Token MeetOur Team Corey Wilton Co-Founder and CEO Steve Nguyen Co-Founder and CTO Carlo Reyes Senior Graphic Designer Xyrenne Eustaquio Senior Marketing Lead Katy Nguyen Employee Engagement Manager Airee David HR Manager Linh Nguyen Recruitment Manager Dung Nguyen Project Manager Reena Tayag Recruitment Specialist Matt Doratan Merchandising Lead Michaela Ballesteros Social Media Manager Daisy C. Bayani Community Engagement Manager Gabby Gorgonio Journalist Khanh Pham Economic Advisor Paul Nguyen Unity Lead Tung Nguyen Senior Unity Developer Louis Ta Unity Developer Adcel Varela 2D Digital Designer Dreen Jaeger Graphic Designer Miguel Paulino Graphic Designer Jherque Liper Graphic Designer Kuroda Soujiro Senior 3D Artist Go Nguyen 3D Artist Ryan Hoang 3D Artist Rosy Tran 3D Game Art Lead Long Dee 2D Artist Lead MTu Nguyen 2D Artist Eric Brian Dela Cruz Video Editor cum Graphic Artist Tri Nguyen UI Game Artist Kench Nguyen VFX Artist Sea Nguyen Fullstack Developer Ms. Lily Tran Backend Developer Adrianne Marco Frontend Developer Kayy Tran Frontend Developer Lead Phuc Tran Product Owner Hiep Ho Data Scientist Thanh Doan QA/Game Tester Hien Hoang QA Carla Calitis Themis Lead Christian Concepcion Customer Support Emmanuel Joseph Customer Support Sean Ang Customer Support Angelo Ocampo Assistant Team Lead Customer Support Jekel Perez Customer Support Jay Ar Royo Customer and Social Media Support Ian De Leon Customer Support Jericho Ronimo Customer Support Arniel Constantino Customer Support Jay San Miguel Customer Support Jules De Asis Customer Support Rubilee Lacanilao Customer Support Deo Ubaldo Customer Support Viet Ta Game Backend Developer Investors Spearheading the investment rounds we have some of the most influential companies in the crypto and blockchain space. and many more notable investors. Roadmap See our plan for 2022-2023. Slide Left Quarter 4 2022 VIS Rules In-Game Operations Off-Chain New Matchmaking and Changes to Lobby Types Skill-Based Alpha New User Experience Tutorial Experience Quarter 1 2023 Leaderboard (Tournament) Pega Swap Rent Pega on Mobile Skill-Based Released Battlepass Drop Rewards Rework Quarter 2 2023 Purchase Pega on Mobile Grand Dash (Tournament) Future (TBD) 2022 Stadiums Other Game Modes Farming Quick Links White PaperUser SupportReport a BugFAQBuy PGXContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceMedia Kit Follow Us Discord Twitter Facebook Telegram Medium All Right Reserved. © Copyright 2022 Pegaxy Policy × Official Token Address VIS PGX × Play Now we have different ways for you to play! Browser Android APK IOS Test Flight click the option you wish to play on! 