 Docs Pem Token Roadmap About Us Launch App Leave the Rat Race. Join our Pack. Welcome to the first leveraged yield farming application on NEAR Protocol. Start Now TVL $ ... You’re in a Good Company! In Unity and Simplicity We Trust Owned by the community, PembRock Finance is a place where newcomers and OGs can earn as lenders or farmers with up to 3x leverage. With our native interface, it's easy to make crypto profits as well as learn the ins and outs of the exciting decentralized world. How to start Choose how to earn Use additional liquidity Borrow funds and farm with leverage to get a higher APY. Fund Farmers Lend your tokens to other participants for great rewards. Get protocol profit Stake PEM to claim your share of protocol profits. Top PembRock Pools Greater Profits Unlocked Boost your portfolio — leveraged yield farming gives participants the opportunity to increase their stake with borrowed funds to maximize their profits. True NEAR Experience Supported by the NEAR Foundation, PembRock plays an essential part in the NEAR ecosystem. We’re about farming, but you can use PEMs on any NEAR DEX as well. Even More Power to You Trust PembRock. We’re sharing everything we know ourselves, supporting our fans to get more profits with proven strategies. Unlock the Power of PEM PembRock Finance’s native token supports the financial ecosystem, rewards stakers and farmers, and provides a governance tool for the community. Read more Get even more PEMs! Be among the first to join our LP incentivization program on Ref Finance. See Details Explore and Learn Master the farming with PembRock learning community. 5 min 01 Key Leveraged Farming Strategies 4 min 02 Token Correlation 4 min 03 Understanding Impermanent Loss 4 min 04 Lending: Step-by-step guide 4 min 05 Farming: Step-by-step guide 3 min 06 How to create a NEAR wallet Roadmap Q1 2023 Completed See details Release of Adjust position UI Fundamental research on Delta neutral position Fundamental research on Grid Strategies Smart contract architecture for Grid Strategy Back-end architecture for Grid automated algo General UI layout development for Automated strategies Delta neutral release for PembRock main smart contract Q2 2023 In Progress See details Release of Partial close UI Developing Delta neutral UI Developing Grid Smart contract prototype Developing Grid UI Layout Developing of Grid automated algo prototype Q3 2023 Soon See details Releasing Delta Neutral UI Automated Grid strategy release on mainnet Developing Leveraged shorts UI Developing stop - loss mechanism for Farm positions Q4 2023 Soon See details Releasing Grid UI Releasing Leveraged Shorts UI Releasing stop-loss mechanism for Farm position Let’s Farm! Connect your cryptowallet to start using the app right now. Launch App Learn the basics 