 Open main menu Product Company Social FAQ NFT Marketplace. Your stage, endless possibilities. An inclusive platform that promotes adoption and empowers the ecosystem with innovative solutions and tools. Powered by BNB Chain and Tezos . Explore amazing NFTs "Healing Garden Day 1" by Bunga dan Bintang Why Pentas? What makes us an awesome marketplace Pentas Identity An inclusive NFT marketplace that seeks to empower content creators of heritage, cultural and traditional values through digital preservation of assets. Community Empowering the community has been Pentas core principle since day one, be part of this unity in diversity journey, this is where it all happens. Collectively, let's build, and strengthen the NFT space together. #Pentasian Adoption Pentas is a gateway, a low entry tool that focuses on mass adoption. User journey will always be Pentas core to onboard new adopters to the wonderful world of blockchain. Skool Educating the masses on the massive potential of NFT. We will be having workshops, seminars and personalised training. Solutions Promoting builders to build solutions around Pentas ecosystem. BaaS (Blockchain-as-a-service) will be an ecosystem to ease the onboarding of solutions for businesses. Multichain Long term mission towards a user-friendly Multichain NFT Marketplace. Spotlight Maman Teacher's Pet Singer . Composer . Songwriter . Futurist The Maman (TMn) project is the brainchild of Maman, an iconic figure in the Malaysian music scene known for his role in the 90's band Teacher's Pet. Throughout his tumultuous musical journey, Maman has earned a reputation for his talent, masculine vocals, and rebellious attitude. As the lead singer of Teacher's Pet, he was easily recognizable with his dishevelled, wind-tousled hair and signature leather jacket. His band achieved great success, churning out hit singles such as “Warisan Wanita Terakhir”, “Kasih Ku Pinjam WajahMu” and “Layar Lara”, amassing a devoted fanbase along the way. The popularity of his songs spanned a generation and have become rock staples in Malaysia and beyond. In the entertainment world, Maman stands apart with his quiet dignity. He has always kept himself at a slight remove from the glitz and glamour, maintaining his authenticity and artistic integrity. He remains unique. AHis comeback album "AKU" serves as the catalyst for TMn, a project that Maman wrote during the depths of the Covid-19 lockdown and fresh from a personal tragedy. Isolated from loved ones, he poured his emotions into his music, transforming his experiences into hits such as "Rahsia", "Kejauhan", "Lafazkan", "Ibu", and the new rendition of "Warisan Wanita Terakhir". Reflecting on his 30-year journey as a composer, singer, and actor, Maman empathises with the struggles that artists face in maintaining relevance in an ever-changing landscape. With a vision to bring Malaysian rock music into the realm of Web3 and the metaverse, Maman is on a mission to revolutionize the local music industry through his multifaceted music label, Meta Music Xtreme (MMX), as a platform designed to empower Malaysian Rock musicians. By embracing blockchain technology, TMn enables musicians to break free from traditional constraints. Maman envisions a world where musicians are not bullied by record labels and broadcasters, enabling them to connect directly with their audiences and maintain creative control. Maman hopes TMn will open the doors for Malaysian rockers to venture into the metaverse. Beyond the music itself, TMn seeks to construct MyRockers, a community supporting TMn. MyRockers is a social ecosystem that will consist of the a community and supporting business partners. By combining the metaverse with real-world settings, Maman will directly engage and entertain his community. The story of TMn is not just about music; it's a testament to the transformative power of blockchain technology and the potential for artists to forge their own paths. TMn intends to take Malaysian Musics NFTs to the next level with a rollout of multi-phases project that envisions a migration of its community to the metaverse, ultimately. View Maman profile Experience a smarter way to preserve your artwork using NFT To Mint To Buy Our blog Latest news &amp; updates How To Create &amp; Sell Your Own NFT On Binance Smart Chain In 10 Simple Steps? Install your Metamask wallet extension if you are using a desktop and download the Metamask app if you are using a mobile phone. Click here to download. We also recommend our users to learn more about Metamask to avoid any scams and to avoid being compromised. Click here to learn more about Metamask. Read more 5 Tips On How To Get Verified This is a great tip for increasing the discoverability that we have for you. Projects of any size or shape, regardless of verification status, have a chance of success. Read more How To Get Started On Pentas? 1. Install your Metamask wallet. And make sure it is connected to Binance Smart Chain (BSC) network. This is how you can get it sorted out. Read more How To Qualify For Pentas Verified Account? Pentas verified badge will only be added if the public figure or company controlling the wallet is at risk of impersonation. 1/ ONLY FOR REVIEW, you must have at least 1,000 followers on Twitter or Instagram. Read more Tokenisation of Heritage &amp; Culture, it’s what Pentas is all about. We are thrilled and in a state of euphoria when we heard the Garyvee is talking about ‘Tokenisation of Culture and it’s a big f****** deal’. You can check it out here from Real Vision. It reaffirms what we believe in and where we want to be in the future. Read more Non-fungible Token (NFT) use cases NFTs stand for non-fungible tokens and are an industry-leading technology that are revolutionizing the collection, distribution, and trading of assets. And these assets are not just limited to physical collectibles like paintings but comprise of a plethora of digital collectibles like GIFs, music, artworks, and so on. Read more FAQ Frequently asked questions Cant't find answer you are looking for? Reach out to our support team What is NFT? What does minting mean? Can I create an NFT on Pentas.io without putting it on sale? Can I change the price of an already created NFT/collectible? Can I gift or send a NFT/collectible to someone? How does the royalty system work? I would like to suggest additional features! Can I report an artwork or collectible? What is verification? What is spotlight? How to get a "verified" badge? It's been a while and I don't get verified. Why? Subscribe to our newsletter Email Subscribe NFT marketplace. Your stage, endless possibilities. hello@pentas.io Marketplace Explore Create NFT Social Twitter Facebook Instagram Telegram Youtube Blog Discord Company About us Career Terms and Conditions Web3 Services © 2023 Pentas IO. All Rights Reserved. 