 Phishing warning: please make sure you're visiting https://pepedex.pepepal.com - check the URL carefully. Trade Swap Liquidity Earn Farms More Info(Coming Soon) Voting(Coming Soon) Frendao Trade With Fiat on Flooz Blog Docs LinkTree English Deutsch 日本語 简体中文 Español Ethereum ETH Select a Network Ethereum Connect Wallet Connect Pepetual Futures... Up to 100× Leverage Coming Soon PepeCoin Trading 4/28/23! 👋 Welcome Frens Pepetual Futures... Up to 100× Leverage Coming Soon PepeCoin Trading 4/28/23! 👋 Welcome Frens PepePal: Because you Can! Trade, earn, and win crypto on the frenliest decentralized platform in this ClownWorld! Connect Wallet Trade Now Built by Frens. For Frens.. PepeX is by the PEPL for the PEPL, No other exchange can claim this. Value locked by frens so far 6.1 billion Power to the PEPL! Hundreds of users in the last 30 days Dozens of trades made in the last 30 days Over $100k staked Total Value Locked Trade anything. No registration, no hassle. Trade tokens on Ethereum in seconds, just by connecting your wallet. Trade Now Learn Earn passive income with crypto. PepeX allows you to farm with frens and buidl projects that derserve growth, Its a free market Fren. Explore Learn Top Farms Go ahead and Gamble Fren, Its fair. Provably fair, on-chain games. Everyones a Winner at PepeX. Prediction in PEPL + ETH won so far Predict the price trendo of ETH or PEPL to win Play Lottery in PEPL prizes this round Buy tickets with PEPL, win PEPL if your numbers match Buy Tickets PEPL is Freedom! PEPL is Frens. PEPL is the fixed supply exchange token that is going to finally free us all from talmudry! Yeah I said it.... Buy it, win it, farm it, spend it, stake it... heck, you can even vote with it! Acquire PEPL Learn Circulating Supply Total supply Max Supply 3,222,093 Market cap Burned to date Current emissions 9.9/block Start in seconds. Connect your crypto wallet to start using the app in seconds. No registration needed. Learn how to start Connect Wallet About Contact Blog Community WhitePeper Help Guide Developers Github English EN English Deutsch 日本語 简体中文 Español Acquire PEPL Trade Swap Liquidity Earn Farms More Info(Coming Soon) Voting(Coming Soon) Frendao Trade With Fiat on Flooz Blog Docs LinkTree 