 Play Petobots lore Roadmap Team Whitepaper Petobots Casual PvP Gaming Platform play Get Alpha Pass OG Canabot petobots lore 04 / 04 Cooperation Petobots replicate the shape of a vast variety of living creatures. Some of them specialize in working in hard conditions, others are better at tackling complex calculations. Petobot’s traits depend on its type. Traits like resilience and longevity will make your Petobot more efficient for certain tasks whether used within the DeepMine metaverse or not. 01 / 04 Genesis At the edge of the known universe, sideways of the Magellanic cloud lies a planet Xerathum. Once flourishing and prosperous, it used to be home for the universe's most talented engineers. Due to structural changes in the biosphere caused by rampant industrial expansion life at Xerathum was about to go extinct. Engineers of Xerathum started modifying fragile organic with artificial elements, which eventually led to complete robotization of Xerathum animals. 02 / 04 Exodus At the peak of Xerathum’s scientific power, it started actively exploring more and more distant parts of the universe by sending reconnaissance spaceships with no living creatures onboard. Just robotiс animals. Most of those ships were never meant to fly back, leaving their hibernated cyber-passengers locked inside forever. 03 / 04 New born One of these spaceships was found at Eleazar planet during one of the initial planet exploration missions. No one knows where other ships are. Unusual crates were found in this spaceship’s cargo, which were then delivered to the surface lab. Crates were labeled and examined. Studies showed that these crates contain robotic creatures of the unknown purpose. The creatures are now known as Petobots, but they are much more than just pets. They seem to be strong and intelligent, ready to help in order to survive together with their new owners. 04 / 04 Cooperation Petobots replicate the shape of a vast variety of living creatures. Some of them specialize in working in hard conditions, others are better at tackling complex calculations. Petobot’s traits depend on its type. Traits like resilience and longevity will make your Petobot more efficient for certain tasks whether used within the DeepMine metaverse or not. 01 / 04 Genesis At the edge of the known universe, sideways of the Magellanic cloud lies a planet Xerathum. Once flourishing and prosperous, it used to be home for the universe's most talented engineers. Due to structural changes in the biosphere caused by rampant industrial expansion life at Xerathum was about to go extinct. Engineers of Xerathum started modifying fragile organic with artificial elements, which eventually led to complete robotization of Xerathum animals. back NEXT play gladiators battle The Alpha Version of the game is available only for Alpha Pass holders. During the Alpha, players can use RoboLion to test the game. Each turn, you choose 1 zone to attack and 2 zones to defend. Petobots can dodge attacks and penetrate the opponent’s defence. Your goal is to reduce your opponent's health points to zero. Join the game and don't miss the tournaments. Become a Gladiator MAIN COLLECTION microbots microbots FLYING Small Tetrapods Medium Tetrapods Large Tetrapods Mythical Trigger Host Trigger Tactical Trigger Host Trigger Tactical Trigger Host Trigger Tactical Trigger Host Trigger Tactical Trigger Host Trigger Tactical buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back buy description back Petobots breeding 1-gen Petobots Trigger Trigger Petbots possess 10 unique activation charges. These charges provide a Petobot assembly kit with a precise program on how to assemble. Host Host Petobots have 10 capsules with Petobot assembly kits hidden inside their hulls. Once activated and powered one kit provides a Tactical Petobot 2-gen Petobots Tactical Born at Eleazar, Tactical Petobots are incapable of producing new Petobots. Instead, these Petobots can compete with each other in diverse mini-games, providing valuable resources for the winner. Petobots is powered by $PBOT token $PBOT will be used to get new Petobots, upgrade and purchase artifacts, and Special Petobots. Players will also receive tokens as a reward for playing games and participating in tournaments. <!-- DELIVERY SCHEDULE 1 Limited free mint of alpha test NFTs in Jan 2023. 2 Alpha launch in Feb 2023. 3 First sale of game NFTs in Mar-Apr 2023. 4 Open beta release in Apr-May 2023. 5 Full game release in Q3 2023. --> ROADMAP 1 Alpha Passes on Magic Eden Polygon 2 Alpha version of Gladiators Battle 3 OG Canabots 4 TGE and CEX listing 5 1st Gen Petobots 6 Breeding module 7 Petobots upgrading and shop team Yaroslav Shakula Founder Sergei Lagutenko Co-founder Artak Seyranyan Product Lead Dmitrii Sherstobitov Tech Lead Konstantin Biskub Blockchain Developer Ilya Avakov Art Director Anton Ukhov Designer Vladimir Makrushin Marketing Lead Eugene Shakula Head of Operations Demiurg Advisor Compatible with Deepmine is Play-And-Earn social economy strategy in expanding Sci-Fi metaverse DeepMine DeepMine METAVERSE Play Petobots lore Roadmap Team Whitepaper Get your email whitelisted We are making the list of early adopters for upcoming drop, taking place in Q4 2022 SUBSCRIBE Ok Ok 