 Welcome to Phuture We provide passive exposure to crypto through our index funds and structured products. Show me around Phuture products portfolio company Connect wallet ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Phuture 2.0 — borderless crypto investing With Phuture 2.0, you can invest in index funds that include assets across the most popular networks View whitepaper Smart, secure products 100% backed by the underlying assets Transparent and trustless access to your funds Integrated and accessible throughout the DeFi ecosystem It's all in the numbers $30M+ Total volume traded 6.5K+ Total investors 50K+ Total transactions Investment made easy Investing is easy with Phuture — simply connect your wallet to begin Connect wallet Don't have a wallet? Subscribe to the newsletter Subscribe By signing up you agree to our Privacy Policy and consent to receive marketing communications. You may unsubscribe at any time. Company About Blog Documentation Socials Products Phuture DeFi Index Colony Avalanche Index USDC Savings Vault Terms &amp; conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer: This content is for informational purposes only and is not legal, tax, investment, financial, or other advice. You should not take, or refrain from taking, any action based on any information contained herein, or any other information that we make available at any time, including blog posts, data, articles, links to third-party content, discord content, news feeds, tutorials, tweets, and videos. Before you make any financial, legal, technical, or other decisions, you should seek independent professional advice from a licensed and qualified individual in the area for which such advice would be appropriate. This information is not intended to be comprehensive or address all aspects of Phuture or its products. There is additional documentation on Phuture’s website about the functioning of Phuture, and its ecosystem and community. You shall not purchase or otherwise acquire any of our token products if you are: a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise), green card holder, incorporated in, owned or controlled by a person or entity in, located in, or have a registered office or principal place of business in the US (a "US Person"), or if you are a person in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale, and/or purchase of any of our token products is unlawful, prohibited, or unauthorised (together with US Person, a "Restricted Person"). The term "Restricted Person" includes, but is not limited to, any natural person residing in, or any firm, company, partnership, trust, corporation, entity, government, state or agency of a state, or any other incorporated or unincorporated body or association, association or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality) that is established and/or lawfully existing under the laws of, a jurisdiction in which such offer, sale, and/or purchase of any of our token products is unlawful, prohibited, or unauthorised). You shall not resell or otherwise transfer any of our token products to any Restricted Person. The transfer or resale of any of our token products to any Restricted Person is not permitted. You shall read the Terms of Service and use our Website in compliance with the Terms of Service. … Copy Explore Disconnect Completed transactions Your transactions will appear here. 