 &nbsp; T H E&nbsp; &nbsp;O R I G I N A L&nbsp; &nbsp;B L A C K&nbsp; &nbsp;H O L E&nbsp; &nbsp;T O K E N BSC CONTRACT ADDRESS: 0x8850d2c68c632e3b258e612abaa8fada7e6958e5 &nbsp; Pig Finance recognized as the world's first deflationary token, the first to create the block home mechanism. A flawless RFI tokenimics design which exponentially reduces the toal supply &nbsp;of tokens in circulation. The Black Hole rapidly consumes 2% of every buy and sell transaction, increasing scarcity and value. Did You know? You can now trade the Pig Token using any platform on the Canadian Forex brokers list as of March 2023. Yes, you can make money with trading tokens or cryptocurrency. One potential solution for making a profit with cryptocurrency is through cryptocurrency trading. Despite the fact that the daily average volume of cryptocurrency trades only accounts for 1% of the foreign exchange market, the volatile nature of the crypto market presents opportunities for short-term trading. &nbsp; &nbsp; PIG is a token on Binance Smart Chain boasting a number of impressive features. It is the first token with &nbsp;a Black Hole design that exponentially cuts the total supply in circulation by massive amounts. PIG combines this with an innovative Auto-Liquidity of the token rapidly. PIG has massive decentralization on a scale rarely seen in other tokens. Combine these three together and you get a power house out of the hands of anyone, except the community as a whole. &nbsp; 26K 71.7K Telegram Members Twitter Followers &nbsp; There is a 5% tax on every transation: 3% &nbsp;is locked in liquidity, &nbsp;2% is distributed to PIG holders proportional to the amount of PIG held. PIG has been stealth launched. 100% of PIG supply was seeded as liquidity. That means no presale and no allocation to team members. No team allocatio &nbsp;at launch means that PIG is 100% community led. 50% of the supply has been sent to the Black Hole at launch. Because it is so massive, it will absorb a significant amount of the 2% tax distribution, resulting in exponential hyperdeflation. UNRUGGABLE Liquidity is locked in PancakeSwap and ownership of the contract has been transferred to the burn address. FAIR LAUNCH Liquidity is locked in PancakeSwap and ownership of the contract has been transferred to the burn address. WHALE SHOCK SAFETY Liquidity is locked in PancakeSwap and ownership of the contract has been transferred to the burn address. RISING PRICE FLOOR 3% of every transaction is locked as liquidity in the PancakeSwap PIG/BNB pool, creating an ever rising price floor. DECENTRALIZED PIG token is community led and managed by volunteers, since ownership has been burned and launch was completely seeded as liquidity. 284,976 585,031,783,400,513 &nbsp; Yes, PIG has been audited by EtherAuthority, Certik and CaptainJack. We also welcome any reputable auditor to inspect PIG and let us know so we can post it on social media. HAS PIG TOKEN BEEN AUDITED? HOW DOES THE BLACK HOLE ALGORITHM WORKS? The Black Hole owned over 50% of supply at launch. The Black Hole counts as one of the wallet holders that 2% of transactions are distributed to. This results in exponential growth of the black hole and exponential burn of the token supply. At the time of this writing, the black hole has already grown to 58% percent ownership of the total supply. HOW CAN I BUY PIG TOKENS? PIG is only available on Binance Smart Chain. To use Binance Smart Chain, you must configure your wallet to use the Binance Smart Chain network. Then you would need to own BNB tokens for gas fees. Finally you would need to swap for PIG Token on an exchange like PancakeSwap. But also you can trade on exchanges: GATE, BITMART, MXC, HOTBIT, ZT, LBANK, PANCAKESWAP, XT PIG has a team of both professionals and community volunteers constantly working behind the scenes on updates, partnerships, social media, and more. As you can see, this has worked very well and we will continue increase our efforts. WHAT ARE THE MARKETING PLANS? &nbsp; We are $PIG Loyal Army, our mission is to support $PIG’s journey to the moon. This group is strictly for those that want to grow thier investment in $PIG. We all believe in the $PIG project as one family, we will win together. ​ Every PIGster is responsible for the promotion and marketing of this project. You can create memes, cool gifs, videos, something original and share with noPIGsters. CertiK conducts security assessments on the provided source code exclusively. Fundamental protection and assessment – &nbsp; Audit Report CERTIK AUDIT Compensation process complete – in partnership with INCAKE PIG FARM COMPENSATION New look, guides, updated roadmap, list of official core members, mobile friendly. WEBSITE REDESIGN To be announced ROADMAP UPDATE PIG FINANCE: Contract Address Donation Address​ Lite Paper SOCIAL MEDIA: Pig Telegram Pig Twitter CRYPTO: Coin Market Cap Coin Gecko Live Coin Watch Crypto Brokers EXCHANGES: Pancakeswap Gate Mexc Poocoin LEGAL DISCLAIMER None of the information on this website should be construed as providing legal or financial advice. Please note there are always risks associated with smart contracts. Please use at your own risk. PIG Token is not a registered broker, analyst or investment advisor. If you are willing to, or have purchased PIG, you agree that you are not purchasing a security or investment. The PIG team can not be held liable for any losses or taxes you may incur. You also agree that the team is presenting the token as it was launched, due to it being renounced it can not be changed. Do conduct your own due diligence and consult your financial advisor before making any investment decisions. &nbsp; 