 We respawn from the other side to start a REVOLUTION! Go to App Go to App What Is PIGS AT WAR? We came back from the other side to start a revolution and fight against slaughter. Before we start the war we need to build alliances to have outposts and find trustful humans to help us. Alliances help us to come off the blockchain and IPFS into the gameworld where we are then able to fight in 3D. To support Pigs &amp; Hogs in this Revolutions humans need to adopt Pigs &amp; Hogs from IPFS and level them up to get ready for the revolution. In addition humans should build farms as bootcamp for the Army but as well to be able to farm and harvest for the war treasury. Your Farm is your homebase for everything coming next. If you have no Farm you can partner up with humans who have one or .... how it works? Humans adopt Pigs &amp; Hogs, Guns and Armory as well buildings from our coordinates on the IPFS at Kalamint.io and also be able to build outposts on gif.games . When humans have adopted a pig or hog or even a baby hog or any other upgradable asset and as well have collected enough resources (Crystals) they come back to our homebase here and connect their war bag. Then options will be shown how to upgrade your Army, Building etc to the next level. [ more coming soon , click here for Details] Roadmap 2022/2023 2022 Q2 Dapp &amp; Marketplace Phase 01 Inventory/Dashboard Buy/Sell/Trade NFT 2022 Q3 Farmland Phase 01 (Demo V1) Community Votings 2022 Q4 Swap NFTs from kalamint.io &amp; tezotopia.com Phase 01 Trade all swapped NFT´s Farmland Demo V1.3 Quick Guide Team Page Swap NFTs from kalamint.io &amp; tezotopia.com Phase 02 2023 Introduction of $MUD Parcel System (testnet) Create Resources (testnet) Smartcontract Audits Claim Land Marketing kick off Farmland Phase 01 (Mainnet) Mainnet Fully functional: Parcel System Farmland Managing system complete Battle Mode Army unit production Buy/Sell Army Units Farmland Phase 02 Unit upgrading System Rent out Land/Buildings/Units Disclaimer: This roadmap is a guideline for the P@World development steps. As you see, we took off the Quarters since we learned in the last year, that from time to time we may need to adjust the builts according to the GDD (Game Design Document) what can cause adjustments of priorities and or additions while we build. As we are building a seemless experience on Tezos, where most of the technological complexity is kept "under the hood" to simplify onboarding for the gaming world and to set the GAME Experience in front of everything, we do face technical hurdles while building. Therefore, the roadmap sets the team's most honest intentions, nevertheless, due to the number of technical challenges, it can be adjusted anytime. Anyhow we are working restless since September 2021 to make this happen and nothing can stop us from building. 🐽 #hogstrong PIGS AT WAR TEAM DRAW HOG Art Director / Founder Illustrator with 20+ Years of experience building games and art direction. BRAIN HOG CEO / Founder 22+ years in building companies, brands and eCommerce solutions. 6+ years in blockchain. @R3N3Web3 SMART HOG Smart Contract Developer / Founder Software engineer and architect with 20+ years experience. Developer of many NFT projects. Co-founder of Crunchy.Network. 100+ smart contracts deployed to Tezos mainnet. @mycodecrafting PROF. HOGGENSTEIN P@W Scientist Prof. of Neurology &amp; Statistics, programmer, Economic Model designer for Web3 systems, 6+ years in Blockchain. SOCIAL HOG Project Manager Marketing and finance with 8+ years of experience. Finance, banking, marketing and blockchain mostly in Singapore, India and Hong Kong. Gaming, travel, football and reading are my hobbies. Writing, trading, marketing and finance are my professional USP's. MONEY HOG Funding Operations 8+ years in building startups, raised €9M+, had 1 exit, author of the book “The Lean Funding”. Worked in Venture Capital, lived in 6 countries and speak 5 languages. ENCRYPT HOG Developer 25+ years in coding since he was 13. 20+ years web development, BA in cryptography &amp; cryptanalysis. WEB HOG Software Developer Software Developer 3+ years of experience, specializing in web applications. Currently hooked on blockchain and smart contracts technology. ART HOG 2D Artist / Animator 5+ years of experience in creating 2D assets for gaming projects. FRONTEND HOG Front-end Developer 4+ years of experience, hobbist game developer and blockchain enthusiast. 3D HOG 3D Artist Tradicional Sculptor and Digital Sculptor since 2011 Worked for collectors, boardgames, teaching art since 2014. Also, work with ilustrations and tattoo at the free time. GAMEDEV HOG Unity Developer Unity Developer for the last 4+ years. Built apps and Software Frameworks for all devices and platforms. BRAIN HOG JR. Assistant Gameplay/Assets 12+y old gamer, Minecraft, Fortnite &amp; more. UNITY HOG Technical Artist 4+ years of experience creating 2D assets and animations for mobile games. ANIMATION HOG 2D Artist / Animator With 10+ years experience of with 3D graphics and game development. Delivered experiences for many types of media, such as PC, Mobile, VR, AR and Projection Mapping LAW HOG Legal Affairs 20+ years of corporate and business law, 7 years in crypto law. The concept is always to avoid trouble, and if it can't be avoided, we deal with it! MODA HOG Community Moderator 12+ years of experience in CRM, blockchain enthusiast since 2017, recently in awe with Tezos ecosystem and community. @AuRo404 GOT IT? START NOW! Go to our coordinates and start adopting! PIGS AT WAR Pigs &amp; hogs united for a revolution. We´ve been slaughtered, BUT our SOULS are comming back as #NFTs! We call all animals, monsters etc. JOIN US! About Features Our Team Quick Guide Contact Join Us Now! Go to App Copyright 2023 Helios Labs Holding Ltd. Contact contact@pigsatwar.xyz 