 Investors Partners Why Pine? Tokenomics Borrow Lend Roadmap Auditors Community Launch App Your gateway to real yield in NFT financing and beyond Discover new value from your digital assets Launch App Key Investors Key Partners Gateway to NFT Finance Open Architecture Pine Protocol is a scalable liquidity and settlement layer supporting NFT-backed loans. The protocol is designed to be composable and can be easily integrated into any centralized or decentralized NFT platform. Open Business Model Pine Protocol powers the Pine Platform, a P2P loan marketplace connecting NFT asset owners and liquidity providers. The protocol’s various integration models allow for builders in the NFT and NFTfi space to easily leverage Pine Protocol's technology. Open Governance Pine’s community-owned DAO, PineDAO, plays an active role within the NFT space, with the focus on supporting the adoption of NFT technology and the development of NFTFi solutions. whitepaper Tokenomics Learn More Pine's lending platform offers a P2P marketplace for NFT-backed loans I am a Borrower Lender Institution Borrow instantly with the flexibility to rollover anytime to the best rates across the market BAYC 16.14% APY View Pool Pudgy Penguins 16.14% APY View Pool MAYC 16.14% APY View Pool CLONE X 16.14% APY View Pool CryptoPunks 6.27% APY View Pool Use your NFTs as collateral without surprise liquidations On demand liquidity with no back-and-forth negotiations needed Choose from a list of competitive loan terms Flexibility to repay loans early or to extend loans via rollovers Mortgage-like features to buy and sell NFTs on NFT marketplaces Roadmap Phase 1 Alpha End-to-end functional NFT-backed loan protocol on ETH mainnet with a web interface for borrowers Phase 2 Beta Enhanced web interface for borrowers Core contract update, adding loan rollovers, and Pine Now Pay Later features Lender pool management interface launch Phase 3 Public V3 launch including, support for custom NFT valuation oracles Pine Listing, users can list and sell Pine Loan collateral positions on open marketplaces Automatic loan repayments and roll overs $PINE token generation event Global exchange listings Phase 4 TBA Announcements coming soon Audited By Join OurCommunity Follow our social media to receive our latest development updates Pine is a decentralized non-custodial asset-backed financing protocol. Your gateway to real yield in NFT financing and beyond. © Pine.loans. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Support 