 Disclaimer Please check the boxes below to confirm your agreement to the Pinup Warlords Terms and Conditions. I have read and understood and agree to the Terms and Conditions. Including all future amendments. Such agreement is irrevocable and will apply to all my uses of the site. I understand that given the nature of the blockchain and Pinupwarlords being a fully onchain game all my transactions, purchases and actions are irreversible. I’m 18 years or older. CONFIRM THE CARDS Factions are made of Soldiers with different classes and officers Each faction is&nbsp;a&nbsp;limited edition and will come from a&nbsp;total of&nbsp;12 classes, all hand drawn The more complete factions you own , the higher "collector level" you’ll reach, therefore increasing your overall passive income Each NFT has its own combat experience logged onto the blockchain, which grows independently from its owner after each battle Series 1 NFTs theme is "Great Generals" The Game It's a pure PVP card based game where players compete using their card sets Main cards consist of NFTs and you'll be able to "power up" using FTs to enhance your character's abilities. Smart use of various combinations will increase your chances of winning Some heavy weapons will require specific NFTs to be used in a PVP game. PLAY TO EARN Win your opponents NFTs and resell them on&nbsp;the secondary market Win battles and earn a&nbsp;utility token that receives commissions on&nbsp;sales Play for the leaderboard to earn weekly prizes and win tournaments! OUR ROADMAP Q1 2022 Series 1 "Great Generals" NFT Drops Q2 2022 Game Beta PVP Game: Win or lose your NFTs to your opponentsToken Mining “Win to Mine”Token Staking &amp; GameFi Q3 2022 Mobile version launch Q4 2022 Turn based mode - Squad leader Q2 2024 MMO launch - Conquest Q3 2024 Series 2 Drop GAMEFI Token reward pool 0 WAX Collectors reward pool 0 WAX Leaderboard pool 0 WAX RECENT BATTLES BUY CARDS Factions are limited edition NFTs and will never be reprinted ever again. Become a collector and earn higher rewards from building up your collection. Common 32.83% Uncommon 16.25% Scarce 8.13% Rare 4.88% Super Rare 1.63% Epic 1.22% Legend 0.81% Myth 0.14% BUY NOW The Cards The Game Play to Earn Buy Cards © 2023 PinupWarlords. All rights reserved Terms | Privacy policy | Imprint Upon release of the game. Dragon Dream Digital Ltd Legal Address: Escazu San Rafael, Edificio Ebc Centro Corporativo, 8, San Jose, Costa Rica Registration Number: 586911-2022 Head of Publication: Hadjadj Taha Contact: contact@pinupwarlords.com A game by Dragon Dream Studio We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. To learn more, go to the Privacy Page Accept 