 Open main menu Staking Team Pitching Deck Gallery Ambassador Download DApp The ultimate physics-powered TPS sandbox shooting game Download and Play Trailer Select your Champions Chiyo legendary Story Born in a shinobi village from the Japanese Royalty Bloodline, since childhood, she was very good at ninja techniques, always successfully complete her mission, was the last kunoichi to survive the apocalypse, she still have hope to find others. After Participating in the human rehabilitation project. she became a lot stronger, roaming around on quests and looking to for other people in her village. Abilities Throws a homing blade that flies toward the nearest enemy. It leaves a visible trail while flying and deal X damage on contact. NFT Collection Viper's Kiss mythical Damage (Base) 14 Fire Rate (Base) 0.1 Daily earning battles 10 Total earning battles 500 Gun: The downside of Paragon mining is the toxic waste it produces. The factory of Salvo II was able to utilize such deadly chemicals in this weapon. Unfortunately, the planet was destroyed shortly afterward by the USF. The Merciless mythical Damage (Base) 11 Fire Rate (Base) 0.09 Daily earning battles 10 Total earning battles 500 An antique weapon that has triumphed in numerous conflicts is valuable for its form, power, and longevity. Even in this day and age, a few straightforward improvements can make it just as lethal as the most sophisticated guns. The Ricochet legendary Damage (Base) 17 Fire Rate (Base) 0.08 Daily earning battles 12 Total earning battles 800 A combination of Solheim and Takarian Technology. Created by the Brilliant Scientist Vyke under the request from Scorpion for a weapon that can stop multiple ferocious creatures on Mirage 's desert at the same time by ricocheting electrical projectiles. The Crusher of Darkness mythical Damage (Base) 10 Fire Rate (Base) 0.08 Daily earning battles 10 Total earning battles 500 Originally a standard all-purpose machine gun for the Space crusader, it was later captured by the Falcon.Co privateer. Its barrel was enhanced by the local rare metal, which made this weapon nearly impossible to overheat. The Lady's Handkerchief uncommon Damage (Base) 22 Fire Rate (Base) 0.8 Daily earning battles 8 Total earning battles 300 Gun: First created as a general self-defend tool. Thank to the weapon's reliability, it was later upgraded into a powerful anti-matter weapon for Lady Aurelia, one of the first pioneers to explore outside the solar system. Frontier Dawn uncommon Damage (Base) 9 Fire Rate (Base) 0.8 Daily earning battles 8 Total earning battles 300 Gun: A shotgun prototyped was designed to breach all types of armor in close-quarter combat. It was able to shredded vehicles in a few bursts. Due to the high manufacturing cost, only a few models were successfully made. Diverse game modes Battle Royal Pick your favorite champion, loot some powerful guns and run around with your ass. co-op pvp zombie mode Metaverse land Build your own land Verglaz Mirage Zephr Janus Devastatum Verglaz Mirage Zephr Janus Devastatum Verglaz Mirage Zephr Janus Devastatum The record of its actual name was destroyed during the civil war. Once a growing industrial planet centered around Paragon mining, Devastatum soon became a high priority target. The highly polluted atmosphere plus the devastation of the conflict turned it into a dead world as well as a gold mine for scavengers. A Paragon-rich but severe climate planet. USF discovered the planet and intended to initiate the mining operations, however, the logistical cost significantly delayed this action. The new generation of privateers already found a way to slip past the heavy USF blockage for Pluvis mining and smuggling. A strategic jungle planet. It was used as Lord Dukan's command center against the USF during the civil war. The USF rained massive firebombs as retaliation, burning the entire jungle into an inhabitable desert. Its climate just recently recovered enough for the time-consuming terraforming process. Fertility but far away from the homeworld's light. USF planned to build massive farmlands to combat food storage on Earth, however, the civil war has cut the Earth's population by 30%, so further farming operation is no longer needed. The land is now distributed to Earth's settlers who are willing to protect the planet from other factions. A mysterious planet on the outer rim of humanity's protection during the peak of the crusade. it remained intact since no war was fought on its soil. Curiously, 3 private expedition fleets were sent for a scouting and settling mission. All of them went MIA. This planet is rumored to become a notorious criminal hideout after the war. The record of its actual name was destroyed during the civil war. Once a growing industrial planet centered around Paragon mining, Devastatum soon became a high priority target. The highly polluted atmosphere plus the devastation of the conflict turned it into a dead world as well as a gold mine for scavengers. A Paragon-rich but severe climate planet. USF discovered the planet and intended to initiate the mining operations, however, the logistical cost significantly delayed this action. The new generation of privateers already found a way to slip past the heavy USF blockage for Pluvis mining and smuggling. Team Members The Minders Studio A group of passionate and talented soldiers in game industry With diligence and dedication to bring the best game experience to players Minh Nguyen CEO/ Founder Anthony Chu CTO/Co-Founder Steven Lee Blockchain Leader/Co-founder Linh Le CMO Hoan Ngo 3D Artist Leader Hai Ngo Developer Leader Hang Pham Community Manager Khanh LiveOps Manager Linh Nguyen Lead UI/UX Designer Viet Nguyen Gameplay Developer Huong Nguyen Game Designer An Dam QA/Customer Support Dung LiveOps Developer Viet Hoang Fullstack Developer Duy Anh 3D Artist Quoc Van Concept Artist And more than 20 skilled enthusiasts with rich experience in the gaming industry Advisors Thi Truong Mr. Thi, the co-founder, and CEO of Icetea Labs and Polka Foundry &amp; RedKite. He is also the mind behind Faraland, GameFi, and a dozen of other successful blockchain projects. With his enormous help in providing guidance and strategic advice and build valuable connections, Planet Sandbox is growing fast every day. Eric Mr.Eric — CEO of Exnetwork Capital — a hyperconnected early-stage fund/incubator has over 10 active communities centered around various crypto and a global footprint with connections in all the major continents for maximum strategic value. Larry Larry is the founder of Basics Capital. He has over 5 years of experience in the blockchain industry and has led investments in hundreds of projects. He is also the advisor of Arche Protocol, BSCstation, Fintropy, and KnightWar among others Backed By Partner Security Audits Media Back to top . . . . . . . . . Join our community and social channels admin@planetsandbox.io INFORMATION Team Roadmap Terms &amp; Conditions INTRODUCTION About us Policies Whitepaper PRODUCT Play Game Marketplace NFT Item PSB $0.01860602 -5.16% PSB Contract 0x36bfBb1d5B3C9b336f3D64976599B6020cA805F1 PULV Contract 0xD59896C6F17F62BB584BBdaAAb8d0E09fDDf691e Official telegram: @planetsandbox , Twitter: @planetsandbox Be aware of fake contract addresses and fake social groups/accounts! 