 JOIN THE NEW ERA OF BUNNIES &nbsp; DISCOVER Shop Men Shop Women WORLD OF PLAYBOY Shop Men Shop Women World of Playboy Playboy Rabbitars Meet the Playboy Rabbitars The Playboy Rabbitars are a collection of 11,953 unique, non-fungible tokens brought to you by one of the most iconic brands in the world. Each Rabbitar was generated from 175+ traits inspired by Playboy’s most famous iconography, art , photography, celebrities and more. Rabbitar community members receive special access to Playboy’s archival content and art (including free access to iPlayboy ) and new content, IRL &amp; Metaverse experiences, and giveaways and discounts on physical and virtual fashion. Rabbitars also receive limited commercial access to Playboy IP via the DeRabbitives program, the first time offered to fans in nearly 70 years. Coming soon! Rabbitars will have access to special experiences in Playboy’s upcoming MetaMansion in The Sandbox . Rabbitars 101! Explore the Collection Legend of Leveretia Community &amp; Team Rabbitars FAQ Playboy on the Blockchain Hop into the Warren Discord: The Rabbit Hole Twitter: PlayboyNFTs Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Smart Contract | OpenSea PLAY IN OUR WORLD About Playboy Who We Are About Playboy About PLBY Group Support Get Help Customer Service &amp; FAQs Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Accessibility © 2023 Playboy.com,Inc. All rights reserved. All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older. Click here for records required pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. By entering this site you swear that you are of legal age in your area to view adult material and that you wish to view such material. PLAY IN OUR WORLD About Playboy Who We Are About Playboy About PLBY Group Support Get Help Customer Service &amp; FAQs Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Accessibility © 2023 Playboy.com,Inc. All rights reserved. All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older. Click here for records required pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. By entering this site you swear that you are of legal age in your area to view adult material and that you wish to view such material. This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Further information is available in our Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices 