 Developers Launch App Talk to us Forecast the future Place forecasts, create prediction markets, and resolve markets to earn rewards. Launch App Join the community Fully decentralised and available on Ready-to-go prediction marketplaces Create your own prediction marketplaces or Prediction DEXes Case studies Deploy the Polkamarkets open-source toolkit — protocol, web app, javascript SDK and API — for your own purposes on any EVM-compatible blockchain. Developer docs Leverage forecasting in your business Prediction markets are an efficient way of producing reliable forecasts and can be used within your organisation or integrated into your products. Check out our use cases and talk to us to learn more. Talk to us Extend and customize Our technology partners provide composable integrations that allow you to plug-in more features, from compliance to dispute courts, automated market resolution, and more blockchains. And the Polkamarkets Labs team is here to help you. Featured Markets Top markets of Polkamarkets' protocol. Will any new country join NATO in 2023? Yes 0.702 USDT No 0.298 USDT VOLUME 689.3 USDT EXPIRATION 2023-12-31 Will 2023 be the hottest year on record? Yes 0.942 USDT No 0.058 USDT VOLUME 576.2 USDT EXPIRATION 2023-12-31 Will Ledger file for bankruptcy before June 1 2024? Yes 0.328 USDT No 0.672 USDT VOLUME 1.3K USDT EXPIRATION 2024-05-31 View All Markets Suggest a Market Protocol Metrics Open metrics of Polkamarkets V1 and V2 protocol. Metrics on Ethereum, Moonriver, Moonbeam and Polygon 4815 Users 2594 Markets Created €3M Total Volume €50.5K $POLK Bonded Audits Full-scale security audits of Polkamarkets' protocol. V2 Security audit V1 Security audit V1 Security audit V1 Security audit Listed on The $POLK Token is listed on the following exchanges Latest News from Polkamarkets Labs Stay up to date with our latests announcements. Check All Posts Announcing Outcomes with Images on V2 We are happy to announce the newest feature on the Polkamarkets Web App: you can now add images to your outcomes and create a more visual and appealing market. 10 days ago Announcing Damat Tween Markets, a fashion prediction market powered by Damat Tween and Polkamarkets The Polkamarkets Labs team is incredibly excited to announce the launch of Damat Tween Markets, a predictions game with real-life rewards focused on Fashion, in partnership with Damat Tween, the leading luxury menswear brand from Turkey, with over 400 stores in 80+ countries. a month ago Promote Polkamarkets V2, Win an Exclusive OAT Now that Polkamarkets V2 is live, it’s time to let everyone know! As part of the overall launch campaign that is still unfolding, Polkamarkets Labs is enlisting the help of the Polkamarkets Community, starting with an experiment focused on spreading the word about Polkamarkets V2 on&nbsp;Twitter. 4 months ago Stay in the loop Subscribe to the newsletter to hear about Polkamarkets updates and events. Subscribe team@polkamarkets.com Blog Help Token About Roadmap Careers Developers Security Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy © 2023 Polkamarkets Labs, built by Polkamarket OÜ Polkamarkets Services and POLK Token (POLK) are not available in Excluded Jurisdictions 