 Benefits Schedule PREMINT Collector Pass Be one of 10,000 people to get access to the collector side of web3's most popular access list platform. See below for holder benefits, and , mint schedule . Buy on Opensea Mint sold out! Thanks to everyone for becoming a PREMINT Collector Pass holder! Looking for a pass? Check out secondary listings on OpenSea! 0 / 10,000 supply remaining Terms of Sale PREMINT is massive. PREMINT is one of the most heavily used NFT services, loved by the entire web3 community. 2,370 Projects Over 2,300 projects have managed their access lists with PREMINT. 1,881,644 Registrations Projects have registered over 1.8 million entries to their access lists. 500,107 Collectors Half a million wallets have connected to PREMINT to register for lists. Get exclusive access to our holder benefits As a PREMINT Collector Pass holder, you will get access to an evolving collector dashboard and features to keep you on top of the hottest mints. Track the hottest projects Get access to all of the public projects currently active on PREMINT and alpha on which lists are growing the fastest. Newsletter Subscribe to a token-gated newsletter to stay informed about upcoming mint dates and trending projects. See what you qualify for PREMINT will show you what projects you’re eligible for based on your NFT collection and help get you on the list. Private calendar feed Access your personalized calendar feed showing registration times and mint dates for all projects on the platform. Beta Access Get early access to upcoming PREMINT public collector features before anyone else has access to them. Guaranteed access to 2024 pass Founder’s Edition Collector Pass holders are guaranteed a spot to mint the 2024 Collector Pass. Mint schedule for April 1, 2022 Click here to check which list you’re on. Time (US Pacific Time) Mint opens for 10:00 AM PDT ( 5:00 PM UTC ) Guaranteed Allowlist Wallets that won a guaranteed spot. Show up anytime in this window and easily mint your pass. If you don’t mint during this time, your pass may be claimed by someone on the Waitlist. 1:00 PM PDT ( 8:00 PM UTC ) Waitlist Wallets that pre-registered on the PREMINT access list, but didn’t win a guaranteed spot, can mint during this time. First come, first serve. 4:00 PM PDT ( 11:00 PM UTC ) Public Any wallet is eligible to mint during this period. Limited to 10 passes per wallet. Frequently Asked Questions Is buying this pass worth it? Is there a Discord? What are the funds being used for? Will this pass get me on all the allow lists? How long is this pass valid? What are the maximum mints per wallet? What are secondary royalties and how will they be used? Mint sold out! Thanks to everyone for becoming a PREMINT Collector Pass holder! Looking for a pass? Check out secondary listings on OpenSea! Buy on Opensea © 2022 Premint, Inc Terms Privacy policy 