 Home My Coins Contract My Coins Contract My Coins Contract English (US) English (AU) Arabic Chinese French German Hindi Japanese Korean Spanish Russian A self-sustaining , secure and transparent Pyramid Hot Body scheme. Buy In Smart Contract The Most Powerful &amp; Decentralized Pyramid Yet Hot Body Technology When someone purchases or sells an POHotBody token (POHB), 20% of the buy and 25% sell price is split by the total number of tokens and given as locked-in dividends (priced in Ether) to all previous buyers based on how many POHB tokens they own. Hot Dividends 20% of every buy and 25% sell will be rewarded to token holders. Hot Bodies will be rewarded through every crash and pump. The smart contract, unlike other schemes, will allow you to directly convert your dividends back into tokens, increasing your ability to earn more dividends. Forever Hot Seriously, no self destruct, no exit scam. This contract will fluctuate in price and pay out dividends until the Ethereum network dies. At any time, you can sell your tokens back to the smart contract for the current price, or withdraw/convert the dividends you've accumulated! Frequently Asked Questions Q: Is this a real thing? A: Yes, POHotBody Tokens are built on the Ethereum blockchain. They have no value outside of engaging in the SB game with our Math Robot though and you SHOULD NOT consider them a real investment or asset class with any intrinsic value OF ANY FORM. Q: Wasn't there something similar to this earlier? A: Yes, there are several variations of ponzis, pyramids, and other schemes; POHotBody is the next step forward with convertible dividends and 10% redistribution on sell. Q: Is POHotBody secure? A: Yes. Our developer team put a lot of time into refining and testing this contract to make sure your tokens are safe. Internal functions of the contract are not accessible to the end user. Q: What do I need to buy into this Pyramid? A: You need to install MetaMask and also need to buy some Ether (ETH), probably from something like Coinbase. Q: Are you planning to steal our Ether? A: We're hurt that you had to ask. No, there is no way for any participant to withdraw the Ether of any other participant. Q: So exactly what happens with the tokens that I buy? A: Every time somebody buys or sell an POHotBody token, the price changes - 0.2% higher upon buy, 0.2% lower upon sell. If you keep your tokens where they are, you receive 10% from every buy OR sell transaction based upon your current share of tokens. You can convert your current token stash into Ether where it will sit in your dividends pool - your dividends are stored in ETH, not in tokens, so their value remains stable (as long as the ETH price itself remains stable.) However once you've converted your tokens, you won't be gaining any dividends - and if you want back in you'll need to either purchase more or simply convert your dividends pool straight back into tokens. Q: Hmm, sounds interesting. Can you tell me more? A: Our system mitigates the risk of fast dumping by penalizing sellers for doing so. If there is a sell off period, you will still be collecting dividends, as well as gain a larger portion of the total token market share in the process. If a buy/sell cycle occurs, the token holders will still collect dividends off the sales, in addition to gaining a larger portion of the total token market share in the process. This way, those who attempt to time the market and perform swing trades; selling high and re-buying low, will be risking a lot - and losing out on soaking up all those precious dividends. If you'd prefer to sit back and play it safe you will profit off of the madness of the greedy whales and weak-handed alike. Q: So I should definitely get into credit card debt to play this game? A: NO. You most certainly should not be putting anything you can't afford to lose on this. PLEASE do not consider this to be anything other than what it intends to be: an insane proof of concept turned global prisoners dilemma. It is a joke, and should be treated as such. Do not put anything in here that you are not immediately willing to treat as lost. Q: So what is that you guarantee exactly? A: Nothing. Seriously. Pyramid schemes are, by definition, a zero sum game. The risk is entirely yours. Tread carefully. Good luck and have fun! And remember, it's internet monopoly money. Don't do anything you'll lose sleep (or your family) over. Home My Coins Smart Contract Social Discord Disclaimer This game is intended for entertainment purposes only. Do not send any ETH you do not want to or cannot afford to lose. There is zero guarantee that you will make ETH playing this game. And more importantly, zero guarantee that you won't lose any ETH you play with. Play at your own risk and do not attempt to pressure friends, family or strangers into playing too. In fact, you shouldn't even play yourself. 