 Open Menu Home Dashboard Invest Faq Whitepaper Telegram Close Menu HOME DASHBOARD WHITEPAPER TELEGRAM &gt; PURPLE - Earn upto 2.5% Daily .Powered By Binance Smart Contract &gt; PURPLE - Earn u JOIN &amp; START EARNING &gt;&gt;&gt; Launched on the 5th of September, 2023 SMART CONTRACT OPERATIONS &gt;&gt;&gt; We are big on decentralisation. We believe decentralised finance will become the bedrock of financial transactions and foster the global monetary chain network. The ecosystem keeps growing and this is the reason we chose to power Purple.cx project with the safety, reliability and security of an EVM smart contract. A smart contract is a self-executing program that automates the actions required in an agreement or contract. Once completed, the transactions are trackable and irreversible. REFER FRIENDS AND EARN 5% When you share your referral links and others signup via your link, you receive a percentage reward of their deposits. We have a 3-level tier referral commission: 5% - 2.5% - 0.5% The programme was designed to encourage growth of the platform. You can find your affiliate link on the dashboard screen, copy and began to spread the word. The smart contract makes every process automated. You can cash out your dividends anytime and instantly to your crypto wallet. The process is easy and seamless. PURPLE DEFI [PNCX TOKEN] The PNCX Token will power The Purple Yield platform coming up in November 2023. Purple Defi is a decentralised suite of products design for crypto investors and Dapps to earn yield on their digital assets. It will be cross-chained compatible and run across different blockchain networks. Please check our Whitepaper STAKE % EARN FAQ (How it works) Who can join and invest in Purple? - Everyone can join Purple, but must not be less than 18 years old. Do I need to register to get started? + No, you dont need to register or open an account, just download metamask wallet, connect to the Bsc network and then connect your wallet to purple. How do I invest my BNB tokens? + It is easy to invest. go to the invest screen, connect your metamask wallet and then select the plan you want to invest. The minimum you can invest is 0.10 BNB Which currencies can I invest with? + The smart contract only accepts BNB BEP20 Tokens Can I withdraw anytime + Yes, you can withdraw your earnings anytime. Can I reinvest my Earnings + Yes you can reinvest your earnings to maximise your return on investment. The minimum earnings you can reinvest is 0.25 BNB. This will create a new PURPLE plan for you with a 10% bonus. Do you have any affilate program? + Yes, we have an affilate program and it is three levels: 5% from deposit of your referrals. My referral made his deposit but I haven't received any referral commission. Why? + You will need atleast one deposit in order to obtain referral commission. Purple Crypto Network This smart contract is powered by Binance Smart Chain Network. It has been audited and verified safe and secure. There can be no further changes or edit to the contract after deployment. purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto network purple crypto ne 