 Read cryptonative economy report Launch App The most universal lending protocol Fund crypto-backed loans today Launch App Learn More How it works PWN is a hub for peer-to-peer (P2P) loans backed by digital assets. Use your coins (DAI, LINK, APE, etc.) or NFTs (CryptoPunks, BAYC, etc.) as collateral, or invest in loans and generate attractive returns. Just PWN it! BTW: There’s no risk of liquidation before the loan expires. Launch App Lender Benefits Higher returns Customise your investment strategy Keep the collateral in case of default LOAN Token Higher returns P2P loans can offer higher APY than other DeFi products without representing higher than usual risks for investors. Customise your investment strategy Handpick your favorite investment positions and align your portfolio with your overall investment strategy according to your individual risk tolerance or time preferences. Keep the collateral in case of default As a lender, you get to keep the collateral in the case of a default. This opens up the possibility of acquiring valuable NFTs at a discount or generating profit by selling the proceeds on the market (or alternatively, to use them for a loan on PWN!). LOAN Token The LOAN token is an NFT representation of an active loan on PWN. It gives the lender the ability to sell the loan or use it as collateral for further borrowing. The LOAN token is the cornerstone of our upcoming advanced DeFi products. Borrower Benefits Use any token as collateral Choose loan terms according to your needs No risk of liquidation before the loan expires Use any token as collateral Any standard ERC token can be used to secure a loan on PWN. That includes coins, such as DAI, UNI, LINK, and more. (ERC-20) or NFTs, such as CryptoPunks, EtherRocks, and so on (ERC-721 &amp; ERC-1155). We’ll be adding more asset classes over time with the eventual goal of turning anything into collateral on PWN. Choose loan terms according to your needs Lenders compete with each other by proposing attractive offers from which borrowers accept whichever terms (credit, interest, and duration) that best suit them. No risk of liquidation before the loan expires The terms are fixed for the loan’s entire duration. As a borrower, you don’t need to worry about fluctuations of the underlying collateral. All that matters is that you pay back the loan before it expires. Extras PWN Safe Cryptonative report Blog Resources Docs Github Audits FAQ Community Email us Discord Careers Socials 