 KIKX&nbsp;Launches Soon - Sign Up For Early Access Today Staking Day Zero Category Text Add your details here Category Text Add your details here Category Text Add your details here Category Text Add your details here RESOURCES Apps Inspiration Video &amp; Podcasts Hight Tech Open App Pyme DAO Invest in the future of web3 By holding Pyme, you are investing in tomorrow's web3 breakout stars. As those companies grow, so does the value of Pyme. Our community is key. We give them the biggest rewards for helping us launch and scale the leading web3 companies. Get PYME Learn More As Seen On 40K+ Monthly Active Users 400K+ Wallets Connected 150K+ Social Followers 4M+ Marketing Actions The Pyme ecosystem supports web3 projects at their earliest stages. We do this by working with the best companies, teams and communities early. You get a massive upside just by holding Pyme yet we also give you access to our wider ecosystem. PRE-GROWTH Kikx Our web3 native crowdfunding launchpad. We give you access to the best early stage web3 products and communities. You support them and in return get exclusive access and rewards. Launch Build traction from day one. Grow your socials and build momentum. Raise Raise initial funds needs to scale your project and reward your community Get Started Today IDEA&nbsp;STAGE Day Zero Our Incubator for teams and individuals at the idea/pre-launch stage. Work with us to solidify your idea, build a working MVP and launch on Kikx. Built with community PymeDAO community a part of the project at launch Fast to launch Validate an idea by launching in under a month Explore Day Zero PRE-LAUNCH Supapowr Our ten week accelerator program built for projects with a working product, now ready to launch and scale their community. 10 week program Design and execute your brand, marketing &amp; launch strategy Funding &amp;&nbsp;Support The resources you need to keep building, scale and become profitable Coming Soon Companies we have worked with tokenomics PymeDAO Token Built for scalability of community, ecosystem and long term growth of token price. 5.8% max initial circulating supply Staking to reduce supply at launch and reward long term holders 1 billion max supply 51% minted at TGE&nbsp;with the rest DAO&nbsp;controlled for future burn and incentives ERC-20 Token Built for long term stability, governance and token growth Long Term Vesting Aligned incentives to support long term growth of the ecosystem and token Whitepaper Get PYME With support from Pyme dao team Community Team Lowy DAO&nbsp;Council Libby DAO&nbsp;Council ArtKing DAO&nbsp;Council Simon Mitchell Founder CEO, Supapowr Labs Bilal Motiwala Founder CTO, Supapowr Labs Join the future. Today. Get access to companies before they get hot and join us in accelerating towards a crypto native world. Get PYME Copyright ©2023 pymedao.com Whitepaper DayZero Staking Login 