 Docs Blog Discord Twitter Open DApp Docs Blog Discord Twitter Open DApp Borrow and lend crypto assets on your terms. Qoda is a decentralized loan exchange. Borrow and lend assets like USDC and GLMR at fixed interest rates over fixed maturities. Open DApp Follow on Twitter — Loans Traded — Loans Repaid — Collateral Deposited Access multiple markets with Qoda. Each Qoda deployment gives you access to its network’s unique ecosystem. Arbitrum One Borrow and lend assets in the Arbitrum One and Ethereum ecosystems with Qoda's Arbitrum One deployment. Launch Moonbeam Borrow and lend assets in the Polkadot ecosystem with Qoda’s Moonbeam deployment. Launch Moonriver Borrow and lend assets in the Kusama ecosystem with Qoda’s Moonriver deployment. Launch Lend and borrow at fixed rates. Set your own interest rates when you publish quotes (i.e. limit orders) in Qoda’s markets. Qoda’s smart contracts will automatically manage each market’s orderbook to ensure the most competitively-priced quotes are executed first. Provided for informational purposes only. Trade at the market’s best rates. Quickly lend or borrow funds by accepting the best quotes available in a market’s orderbook. Quick trading is very similar to market orders from traditional exchanges, and the Qoda DApp automatically estimates your loan’s APR and fees before you trade. Provided for informational purposes only. Multi-asset collateral balance. Deposit a variety of assets as collateral, and borrow across Qoda’s markets on a single network from your unified collateral balance. The Qoda DApp automatically calculates your account health and borrowing ability from your deposited collateral balance. Provided for informational purposes only. Automatic position netting. Loans within a single market automatically offset each other, similar to unwinding a loan or swap in traditional fixed income markets. This enables you to terminate your market positions before they mature (as long as enough liquidity is available). Provided for informational purposes only. On-chain orderbook and settlement. All market, collateral and loan operations are automated by Qoda’s smart contracts. All actions are transparently performed on-chain, and can be independently audited by using a reliable block explorer. Provided for informational purposes only. Smart contracts audited by Halborn. Qoda's loan market and collateral management smart contracts were audited by Halbord in July 2023. All discovered security issues were fixed immediately during the audit process. Audit Report Partner with us. Email Us DeFi Protocols Qoda's loan markets are fully decentralized. Other DeFi protocols and developers can easily integrate with Qoda's smart contracts using Solidity and/or via web3. On-Chain Assets The Qoda Loan Exchange is designed to support any on-chain token as collateral and/or for markets. Contact us to enable support for your project’s token. L1 &amp; L2 Networks Qoda’s flexible DAO structure enables us to deploy the Qoda Loan Exchange on any EVM-compatible network. Contact us to deploy Qoda on your network. Join our #Qommunity. Discord Twitter Stay Up-to-Date Be the first to hear the latest news about Qoda, and take part in community programs. Make Suggestions Report bugs, suggest features and use your skills to improve Qoda for everyone. Build Connections Meet other like-minded individuals that share a passion for crypto, DeFi and Qoda. Qoda's Roadmap See what we have recently accomplished, and what we are building to revolutionize fixed income markets for the crypto community. Full Road Map Moonriver Qoda’s loan exchange was launched on Moonriver on January 26, 2023. Moonbeam Qoda’s loan exchange was launched on Moonbeam on May 10, 2023. Arbitrum Qoda's loan exchange was deployed to Arbitrum on Aug 16, 2023. QODA Token The QODA token will be launched in 2023/2024. Stay Tuned We will announce additional milestones over time. Backed by great investors. Meet the core team. Qoda is built by Steadily, a web3 consultancy. Our people are experienced in financial markets and software development thanks to their diverse backgrounds. Dhruv Dang Chief Executive Officer Geoffrey Tsui DeFi Expert Dwayne Crooks Senior Software Engineer Charles Lin Senior Software Engineer Nduati Kuria Software Engineer Serhii Krutko Community Manager © 2023 Qoda Finance Inc. Terms Select your network. Open DApp on Arbitrum One Access loan markets for assets in the Arbitrum and Ethereum ecosystems. Open DApp on Moonbeam Access loan markets for assets in the Polkadot ecosystem. Open DApp on Moonriver Access loan markets for assets in the Kusama ecosystem. Cancel 