 Opens in a new window Opens an external website Opens an external website in a new window Close this dialog This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising purposes. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy Close Cookie Preferences Discover Blog &amp; News Resources Contact Sign in Menu Client Solutions Platform Network Security Sign Up Client Solutions Asset Managers Proprietary Traders Corporations Neo and Commercial Banks Exchanges Web3 Platforms and Developers Protocols and Foundations Platform Vaults Governance Web3 Wallets MetaMask Institutional WalletConnect Web3 API Wallet Clear Vault Exchange Hub Circle USDC Toolkit Insurance Network Security Discover Team Careers Community Case Studies Partners Labs Blog &amp; News Blog Press Videos Resources Developer Docs Help Center Trust Portal Community Governance Supported Assets Fee Calculator Contact Your crypto in your safe hands Take secure custody of your digital assets more easily than ever Create an Account Create an Account Watch Video Qredo Platform Vaults Keep it in the Vault. Store, manage and trade your digital assets all from self-custody. Learn More Governance Set the rules governing your digital asset investments and securely scale your business. Learn More Web3 Wallets Swap, farm, and earn yield on decentralized protocols — secured by Qredo's unique distributed multi-party computation (dMPC). Learn More Clear Vault Transparent, trustless trade for all. Helping traders operate directly from self-custody, and exchange partners achieve higher trading volume. Learn More PARTNERS &amp; INVESTORS Trusted names in crypto Previous "For a mass market crypto product such as SWEAT, wallet and key security can throw up huge adoption barriers. After testing a number of multisig custodial solutions we are excited to partner with Qredo given their innovative approach to on-chain custody and the cross-platform liquidity that they offer for our millions of new crypto users" Oleg Fomenko Co-Founder, Sweat Economy "Qredo's flexibility — primarily the ability to sign transactions for all ERC-20s and 721s across multiple EVM chains — coupled with their decentralized approach to key management, is the balance of usability and security that ConsenSys Mesh was looking for when reviewing custody providers." Thomas Rush ConsenSys Mesh Partner "As a trading firm with a presence across the globe constantly transacting digital assets, we need a proven custody solution which can give us the controls we need. The Qredo platform ticks all those boxes and makes it as easy as possible for us to transact the way we want to." Jingcheng Li Managing Director, FBG Capital "Through the workflow enabled by Qredo's dMPC-secured technology, we can be nimble enough to quickly access trading and yield-earning opportunities across different EVM-compatible chains, without sacrificing security or compromising on governance." Kelvin Koh Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Spartan Group "Qredo introduces a radically new way for DAOs, institutions and corporates to hold their crypto. The dMPC network allows for security and compliance  at an institutional grade, while also being extremely convenient. It embraces the decentralized nature of what this industry is all about, which is a major step forward." Balder Bomans Chief Investment Officer, Maven 11 Capital "Qredo is nimble and fast. It’s easy to scale up and down fast with new people and add more assets on the network. The on-chain custody can guarantee against rehypothecation, wider attack surface and other threats. Jeff Anderson Partner, Folkvang "As the leading emerging neo bank in El Salvador, N1CO offers digital payments services and digitization of daily transactions. We choose to use Qredo's on-chain custody infrastructure as it enables us to seamlessly incorporate digital assets in our offering, and get closer to our goal of fostering financial inclusion across Central America." Alejandro McCormack N1CO "Qredo's on-chain custody offers a uniquely secure way to store and instantly transfer assets across chains. This infrastructure gives us complete independent control, plus functionality for treasury management and asset issuance." Matt McGuire Chief Technology Officer, Caduceus "For a mass market crypto product such as SWEAT, wallet and key security can throw up huge adoption barriers. After testing a number of multisig custodial solutions we are excited to partner with Qredo given their innovative approach to on-chain custody and the cross-platform liquidity that they offer for our millions of new crypto users" Oleg Fomenko Co-Founder, Sweat Economy "Qredo's flexibility — primarily the ability to sign transactions for all ERC-20s and 721s across multiple EVM chains — coupled with their decentralized approach to key management, is the balance of usability and security that ConsenSys Mesh was looking for when reviewing custody providers." Thomas Rush ConsenSys Mesh Partner "As a trading firm with a presence across the globe constantly transacting digital assets, we need a proven custody solution which can give us the controls we need. The Qredo platform ticks all those boxes and makes it as easy as possible for us to transact the way we want to." Jingcheng Li Managing Director, FBG Capital "Through the workflow enabled by Qredo's dMPC-secured technology, we can be nimble enough to quickly access trading and yield-earning opportunities across different EVM-compatible chains, without sacrificing security or compromising on governance." Kelvin Koh Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Spartan Group "Qredo introduces a radically new way for DAOs, institutions and corporates to hold their crypto. The dMPC network allows for security and compliance  at an institutional grade, while also being extremely convenient. It embraces the decentralized nature of what this industry is all about, which is a major step forward." Balder Bomans Chief Investment Officer, Maven 11 Capital "Qredo is nimble and fast. It’s easy to scale up and down fast with new people and add more assets on the network. The on-chain custody can guarantee against rehypothecation, wider attack surface and other threats. Jeff Anderson Partner, Folkvang "As the leading emerging neo bank in El Salvador, N1CO offers digital payments services and digitization of daily transactions. We choose to use Qredo's on-chain custody infrastructure as it enables us to seamlessly incorporate digital assets in our offering, and get closer to our goal of fostering financial inclusion across Central America." Alejandro McCormack N1CO "Qredo's on-chain custody offers a uniquely secure way to store and instantly transfer assets across chains. This infrastructure gives us complete independent control, plus functionality for treasury management and asset issuance." Matt McGuire Chief Technology Officer, Caduceus "For a mass market crypto product such as SWEAT, wallet and key security can throw up huge adoption barriers. After testing a number of multisig custodial solutions we are excited to partner with Qredo given their innovative approach to on-chain custody and the cross-platform liquidity that they offer for our millions of new crypto users" Oleg Fomenko Co-Founder, Sweat Economy Next 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Accessible to you. Untouchable for anyone else. Thanks to Qredo's distributed multi-party computation (MPC) technology, the Network is the Vault. Take custody of your digital assets, with no local or central private key storage. Bringing the power of blockchain to the people Qredo's distributed multi-party computation (MPC) technology creates a new standard in securing digital assets – unlocking the power of the blockchain for all. Powerful trades at your fingertips Trade from the security of Qredo network using powerful tools including Atomic Swap. Stronger self-custody for institutions Take custody of your assets with a Qredo Vault, and securely access DeFi through our Web3 Wallet – with signing fully secured by your own custom governance controls. Compliance made easy Plug into analytics software. Identify other virtual asset service providers (VASPs). Securely share your transaction data. Travel Rule compliance at its simplest. Choose your own way into Web3... Qredo Web3 Wallets enable access to the wide world of dApps through both MetaMask Institutional and WalletConnect. MetaMask Institutional Sign transactions with confidence through the world's most trusted Web3 gateway,&nbsp; secured by your own Qredo governance. Learn More WalletConnect Simply scan a QR code to establish a secure connection between your Qredo Web3 Wallet and any supported dApp. Learn More Web3 Wallets READY TO EXPERIENCE SECURE SELF-CUSTODY? Create an account Create an account Get started Qredo Blog Qredo Insights Learn more about Qredo's technology and get our latest updates Previous 1日 八月 2023 Why Self Custody Is the Best Option to Access DeFi 28日 七月 2023 EthCC Week and the Modular Summit: Qredo's Time in Paris 26日 七月 2023 Take secure self-custody of your assets with Qredo Vaults 4日 十月 2023 Qredo's dMPC Shield against Private Key Exposure 29日 九月 2023 Chart the Ways of Web3 with Qredo and WalletConnect 15日 九月 2023 Web3 Wallets: A New Era for Crypto Custody 14日 九月 2023 Qredo Gets Amongst It at Singapore's Token2049 18日 八月 2023 QPIP-1 Tokenology Vote Approved, Implementation Commences 15日 八月 2023 Qredo Opens Community Governance Vote on QRDO Tokenology 10日 八月 2023 Qredo Customers Remain Safe and Unaffected by Recent BitForge Vulnerability 9日 八月 2023 Qredo Opens First Community Vote: QPIP-0 Now Live! 3日 八月 2023 Qredo Launches Community Governance Voting 1日 八月 2023 Why Self Custody Is the Best Option to Access DeFi 28日 七月 2023 EthCC Week and the Modular Summit: Qredo's Time in Paris 26日 七月 2023 Take secure self-custody of your assets with Qredo Vaults 4日 十月 2023 Qredo's dMPC Shield against Private Key Exposure 29日 九月 2023 Chart the Ways of Web3 with Qredo and WalletConnect 15日 九月 2023 Web3 Wallets: A New Era for Crypto Custody 14日 九月 2023 Qredo Gets Amongst It at Singapore's Token2049 18日 八月 2023 QPIP-1 Tokenology Vote Approved, Implementation Commences 15日 八月 2023 Qredo Opens Community Governance Vote on QRDO Tokenology 10日 八月 2023 Qredo Customers Remain Safe and Unaffected by Recent BitForge Vulnerability 9日 八月 2023 Qredo Opens First Community Vote: QPIP-0 Now Live! 3日 八月 2023 Qredo Launches Community Governance Voting 1日 八月 2023 Why Self Custody Is the Best Option to Access DeFi 28日 七月 2023 EthCC Week and the Modular Summit: Qredo's Time in Paris 26日 七月 2023 Take secure self-custody of your assets with Qredo Vaults Next 1 2 3 4 Copyright © 2023 Qredo Services Ltd. All rights reserved. Cookie Preferences Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Client Solutions Asset Managers Proprietary Traders Corporations Neo and Commercial Banks Exchanges Web3 Platforms and Developers Protocols and Foundations Platform Vaults Governance Web3 Wallets Web3 API Wallets Clear Vault Exchange Hub Circle USDC Toolkit Insurance Discover Network Security Team Careers Community Case Studies Partners Labs Blog &amp; News Blog Press Videos Resources Developer Docs Help Center Trust Portal Community Governance Supported Assets Fee Calculator Help 