 Smart Contract Security Securing the Future of Web3 Quantstamp’s mission is to secure the decentralized internet, and has protected over $200B in digital asset risk from hackers. More than 500 startups, foundations and enterprises work with Quantstamp to keep their innovative products safe. Start Now $200B+ Secured by Quantstamp Remote 1st Company Legal Entities in Germany, Japan, US, and Canada 500+ Innovative Customers Security Network Mature and Decentralized Leading Web3 Projects Work With Quantstamp "As we build blockchain experiences that thrive in the mainstream, alongside thousands of talented independent builders on Flow, Quantstamp is bringing to the ecosystem the high-quality security and code review their firm has long been recognized for. Quantstamp will no doubt be an important part of Flow's continued scaling and success." Roham Gharegozlou CEO at Dapper Labs “Quantstamp's ability to quickly produce comprehensive and insightful audits has proven them to be an invaluable partner for our grantees. The importance of the extra layer of due diligence they provide can't be overstated.” Richard Brown Former Head of Community Development at Maker "When developing our Plasma MVP Implementation, we wanted to have strong security guarantees. As a scalability solution, our plasma implementations could potentially be handling massive transaction volumes. Quantstamp has audited large-scale, mission-critical initatives in the past, and working with Quantstamp was an obvious decision to make." Vansa Chatikavanij CEO at OmiseGO "Quantstamp ensured that our contracts met the highest standards of security through their excellent audit process. They worked hand in hand with our engineers to make sure our smart contracts were as safe as can be and their recommendations helped improve the quality of our code." Omri Ross Chief Blockchain Scientist, eToro “Quantstamp’s audit process was comprehensive and streamlined. They provided thorough feedback in addition to an audit certificate and auditor’s opinion letter that gave our stakeholders confidence in our smart contracts.” Noah Thorp Vice President of Engineering, Sharespost “Quantstamp was great to work with. They were professional and efficient when working with us to make sure that our production contracts were secure. Their comprehensive analysis resulted in an easy to use audit report that showed where things could be improved and ultimately gave us confidence in our smart contracts.” Mick Hagen Founder &amp; CEO, Mainframe Customer Spotlight TreasureDAO is building a composable metaverse powered by the convergence of DeFi, NFTs, and gaming. Bridgeworld, TreasureDAO’s flagship product, is live on Arbitrum and utilizes DeFi to build liquidity for in-game items such as Dragon Tail and Beetle Wings which can be bought and sold as NFTs. Communities formed around specific metaverses within Bridgeworld drive the lore and can even influence the direction the game is developed.&nbsp; Be the next player shaping the metaverse at treasure.lol ! Expert Security Audits Expert security audits for web3 applications Quantstamp conducts smart contract, off-chain, networking, and front-end audits in order to enhance the security of your decentralized application. We are blockchain agnostic and have audited client systems on Ethereum, Solana, Flow, Binance Chain, Avalanche and more. We also audit new blockchains and languages. ‍ Learn more about our process by clicking on the button below. View Our Process Our most popular audit reports: View View View Notable Satisfied Customers Recent News Partnering with Toku to Enhance Web3 Security &amp; Payroll Practices Quantstamp is thrilled to announce a strategic partnership with Toku, marking a significant milestone in our commitment to web3 security and compliance. Continue Reading Quantstamp x Hypernative Partner to Enhance Web3 Security The Regens Building a More Sustainable Future Mature Decentralized Security Network Scan Your Smart Contract for Vulnerabilities Fast, affordable and reliable security scans for your smart contract. Computing power is provided by the Security Network, a network of decentralized security nodes. Scan a Smart Contract Run a Node Contribute computing power by running a security node. Network code is open sourced under MIT license. Receive mining fees by providing compute to the mature decentralized network. Run a Security Node Subscribe to our newsletter Get the latest Quantstamp news, events, articles, and resources sent straight to your inbox. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. The Standard in Blockchain Security SMART CONTRACT AUDITS Expert Security Audits Reports COMPANY About Our Team Careers Contact INFORMATION Media Resources STAY INFORMED Disclosure Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Order © 2017-2023 Quantstamp, Inc. Request a Smart Contract Security Audit Thank you for your interest in working with Quantstamp! We look forward to connecting with you. Full Name Timeline Email Project Name or Website URL Project Type Layer 1 Layer 2 DeFi NFT Other Briefly describe the purpose of your smart contract Interested in continued security of your contract when it’s live? We received your request successfully Thank you for expressing your interest in a smart contract audit. You will receive a confirmation email from us and our team will be in touch with you within the next few days. In the meantime, please consider getting your code and documentation ready in accordance with the Audit Readiness Checklist. Full name - Email - Project Name / URL - Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Audits Economic Exploits Insurance About Team Careers Blog Reports Request a Security Audit 