 About DEX Launchpad NFTs Games Launch dApp Check NFT Qube Crypto Space is designed to expand the crypto industry Qube is a platform that combines useful and popular tools and solutions in the crypto world. This is a great place to create, invest, play, earn, trade, collaborate with like-minded people and improve your skills. Buy QUBE Based on Sharia Law Audited by Strong and loyal community Incentives to provide liquidity Rock-bottom fees Safe and user-friendly environment No hidden risks and market manipulation Powerful tools and innovative solutions Strong and loyal community Incentives to provide liquidity Rock-bottom fees Safe and user-friendly environment No hidden risks and market manipulation Powerful tools and innovative solutions Strong and loyal community Incentives to provide liquidity Checkout Qube Ecosystem’s Products DEX Swap, stake, and farm tokens easily without the need to create accounts, verify ID and make deposits or withdrawals. Launchpad It is revolutionizing the crypto space by bringing early-stage blockchain projects and communities close to each other for business scalability. NFTs Find a wide range of digital artworks on Qube Marketplace or create your own NFT to offer for sale. Social (soon) Share your ideas and build fruitful collaborations on Qube Social. Connect with other blockchain enthusiasts and companies and raise brand awareness of your brand in the cryptocurrency market. Games Enter the play-to-earn virtual world and make profit. Upgrade your characters, trade your in-game items via the Qube NFT Marketplace. Explore the games presented on our platform and become a passionate gamer! Qube Token .Governance QUBE token serve as a governance tool, giving users the power to vote, share ideas, and change the future of the project. .Payment solution QUBE will be utilized as a payment method in different modules of the whole ecosystem, which will undoubtedly give it essential demand and liquidity. .Guaranteed allocation Get the opportunity to participate in token sales of promising projects at an early stage. .Rewards Stakers, farmers, and active participants will be rewarded regularly in line with the provided amount of tokens. .Governance QUBE token serve as a governance tool, giving users the power to vote, share ideas, and change the future of the project. .Payment solution QUBE will be utilized as a payment method in different modules of the whole ecosystem, which will undoubtedly give it essential demand and liquidity. .Guaranteed allocation Get the opportunity to participate in token sales of promising projects at an early stage. .Rewards Stakers, farmers, and active participants will be rewarded regularly in line with the provided amount of tokens. Our Development Plan 2022 2020 Q4 Idea born Core team forming 2021 Q1 Whitepaper 1.0 Tokenomics Landing page 2021 Q2 MVP Seed sale 2021 Q3 DEX demo release Launchpad demo release Token SmartContract release Community building 2021 Q4 Qube Presale Security Audit #1 Launchpad alpha release Qube IDO 2022 Q1 Website new design QUBE listing on DEX DEX alpha release Security Audit #2 NFT Marketplace demo release Project X preview 2022 Q2 Hiring staff Platform new UI Launchpad beta release DEX beta release NFT Marketplace alpha release QUBE listing on CEX 2022 Q3 Polygon Blockchain integration Platform new UI alpha Qube Games concept DEX upgrade Tokenomics upgrade 2022 Q4 NFT Marketplace UI upgrade Launchpad UI upgrade Qube Games pre-Alpha release Solana Blockchain integration Whitepaper v2.0 release 2023 Phase 1 Roadmap update NFT Marketplace beta Launchpad beta Avalanche Blockchain integration Qube Listing on CEX 2023 Phase 2 Roadmap update Qube Games release Social Network release Mobile App release Platform functionality update Ecosystem scaling Strategic Partners Stay tuned for the latest news and updates coming soon! Subscribe Contact us Do you have any questions regarding Qube? Drop us a line, and we will help you! This field is required Send ©2023 Qube Crypto Space. All rights reserved. Github Channel Chat Medium Twitter Reddit Whitepaper Tokenomics Audit report #1 Audit report #2 Privacy policy Terms of Use FAQ Menu About DEX Launchpad NFTs Games Whitepaper Tokenomics Audit report #1 Audit report #2 Privacy policy Terms of Use FAQ ©2023 Qube Crypto Space. All rights reserved. <!-- Contact us Let us help you build and grow your company How can we call you? This field is required WhatsApp / Telegram This field is required E-mail Text message Send --> Ooops! Something went wrong, please refresh the page and try submitting the form again. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ... Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE &amp; ACCEPT 