 Product Whitepaper Roadmap Wiki Audit Launch App For Everything Trading Multiple DEXs for tokens, NFTs and Social Trading RAI Finance is the hub for everything trading. Since 2020, our team has developed various DeFi, NFTFi, and Social Trading products that operate across multiple blockchain networks. RAI Finance boasts several customizable DEXs for both tokens and NFTs, in addition to Social Trading functionality. Whether you need a straightforward swap, NFT trading services, or index trading, Rai Finance offers a solution for everything trading. ENTER MAINNET RAI Finance product is officially launched on Ethereum Polygon BASE Taiko Step into the World of Social Trading Access intelligent management tools and endless opportunities In the age of Social + DeFi = SocialFi. Easily create a portfolio with multiple tokens and explore other people's portfolios. Onboarding in a trending theme is easier than ever before. GO TO APP DEX, redefined Incorporated with the innovative Discretized-Liquidity-AMM model, RAI Finance’s Swap on multi-chains to maximize capital efficiency by realizing Limit Order / Pro mode / Analytics in a decentralized way. COMING SOON Trade your NFT faster and worthy NFT swap's proprietary AI-based appraisal model enables NFT pricing outputs with much higher precision, allowing users to unlock further value from NFT assets COMING SOON Everything in RAI Finance GO TO APP Anything else? Share Investment Set, Communicate with KOL, Analyze investment data and Invest with professionals SOFIP-038 on-chain Marketing Campaign Revise the UI &amp; UX of RAI Finance app Ended at 2023-04-12 12:01:21 passed SOFIP-032 on-chain Edit Portfolio List Add $LDO to Portfolio List Ended at 2023-03-26 15:30:44 passed GO TO Governance Deep Dive in RAI.finance 0 Users 0 Portfolios 0 Tokens supported in Social Trading Explore the SOFI at Rai Finance SOFI, the native token for RAI Finance is an essential component of the protocol and employs many functions in the ecosystem. View the White Paper SOFIP-038 on-chain Edit Portfolio List Revise the UI &amp; UX of RAI Finance app Ended at 2023-03-26 15:30:44 passed Approve Vote Now! Disapprove Vote Now! Copyrights © 2022 RAI.Finance All rights reserved. 