 Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Warning: the Zombie Purge is upon us Home Dashboard Rarible Connect Wallet Collect lore pieces Initially released as a meme, it has been discovered that there is more to Apepes than what meets the eye. The Apepe Odyssey is the chronicles of what we have learned so far from our journey to discover the truth about Apepes. CLICK HERE SERUM DISPENSARY Claim your serum The free serum claim has now ended, if you require serums to spawn Zombie Apepes, you can purchase them on Rarible Zombify your Rare Apepe! THE LABORATORY Once you have claimed your free serum, you can zombify your Rare Apepe in the Laboratory and create a zombie version of your Apepe! #ZombieApepe CLICK HERE Rare Apepes Rare Apepes come from two important lineages in the Web3 and NFT universe: Rare Pepe and Bored Ape Yacht Club. Lineage RARE PEPE Read info Created by Matt Furie in 2005, the character was taken from the comic "The Boys Club" and brought to the internet through the 4shan platform. It was transformed into one of the most favorite memes on the internet, and despite having gone through times in which his image was used for bad purposes, this character came back to life when he arrived in the NFT world for the first time in 2016 through the Rare Pepe Wallet project. Despite the fact that the project ended, this character has continued his way, captivating more and more fans in the space, making his mere presence fill us with good vibes, gradually eliminating his old conceptual misuse. Flip back BAYC Read info BAYC #1745 Courtesy juicevault It’s one of the biggest brands in the NFT space, a project consisting of 10k unique pieces of art based on monkeys which has generated a huge community movement. What made BAYC so popular is the designs are iconic. Each Ape has its own unique traits that sets them apart, whilst following a set of grimaces that define their look. The apes have created such a recognisable look that has resulted in them becoming a status symbol. They are now so big, that it has encouraged involvement from celebrities and influencers to become part of NFT’s and the community. Flip back Rarible Buy an Apepe The Genesis 2021 As the last bull market of 2021 raged on, a small group of collectors of both Rare Pepe and BAYC sensed that something was all too wrong in the space. Everyday a new project was claiming to be the next great thing. Yet all the commotion was always about the floor price. The NFT world had seemed to forget about the art. History was being lost, despite resurgences in small pockets of the metaverse. What happened to the Pepes? The Arrival March 5 2022 Through a paid mint priced at 0.05 ETH. With no whitelist and no bonding curve, the world saw 1,999 Rare Apepes arriving on the blockchain via this method. However, the world was in turmoil, the global crypto market faced a downturn and no new Rare Apepe arrived on the blockchain for months. The other 8,000 could not let anything get in their way of fulfilling their prophecy. They knew they had to do something... The Rebellion July 1 2022 The rebellion ensued. From ID 2000, the Rare Apepes broke free from the paid mint, turning into a free mint. The rebellion also saw the Rare Apepes break free from the 1:1 ID match with their BAYC counterparts. The Explosion July 2022 No one knew what was about to happen, people began to see the project's potential, the community involvement sparked organic growth that made the project able to navigate towards a direction that was beyond its own founders dreams. To become one of the biggest 'meme' brands in the NFT space and the community we’ve all grown to know and love. Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Rare Apepes Designed by Rare Labs Join the Discord Toad Map What’s in store for the community. Buy an Apepe to join the&nbsp;family... Rarible Buy an Apepe Rare Labs EN ES Rare&nbsp;Designer @pepe_designer Rare Labs is an agency dedicated to nft digital art design. is founded by the OG artist of the crypto community Rare Designer. This agency intends to offer the design / illustration service for clients who seek seriousness and commitment in the final product. Rare Designer is one of the original creators of art for Rare Pepe’s a cultural phenomenon which has seduced the crypto and NFT world at large. Rare Designer is an Artist born in Venezuela, dedicated to drawing from an early age, with 15 years of experience in this field. In 2017 from a very hard crisis in his country, under a famine, he decided to find ways to take advantage of his talent, however it was not until a foreigner of French origin decided to offer him an opportunity, but said payment would be in bitcoin. Not having many alternatives, this young artist accepted the proposal, becoming one of the early artists of the Rare Pepe project calling himself "Pepe Designer". Later he would participate in other projects based on crypto art, becoming a Rare Designer. Founders Two ingenious and talented indivuals who struck gold with the help of an amazing community whom we love. Rare Labs NFT Art Agency kntrvlr Blockchain Developer Contributors Jiro Punk #9322, Bored Ape&nbsp;#3060 We Discover Web 3.0 Design Agency Join our discord Rare Apepes Rarible © 2023 Rare Apepes. All Rights Reserved. Loading... Still faster than the Ethereum network. 