HomePacksLatestNFTsFeaturesRoadmapFAQWhitepaperPLAY REALMPLAY REALMHomePacksLatestNFTsFeaturesRoadmapFAQWhitepaperRealm is a Play-2-Earn resource management game where you strategically utilize your NFT Leaders to save the world from devastation. Players will collect resources, unlock regions, earn RLM Tokens, level up their realm and much more.Realm Season 9 Whitelist Pack SaleIt's time for the Season 9 Pack Sale!! This event will be divided into two separate 12-hour periods, offering exclusive packs with fantastic rewards. Each pack guarantees a coveted 4 Star/5 Star/Platinum Pacifist Leader NFT and also gives you a chance to obtain an Expert or Elite Helper NFT! To ensure you don't miss out on this exciting opportunity, be sure to check out the whitelist requirements for the pack sale in our Discord Announcements. Don't miss your chance to participate in this epic sale!Mark your calendars for the first Whitelist Pack sale, starting on September 4th at 22:30 UTC and running for a full 12 hours. The second sale will commence 12 hours later on September 5th at 10:30 UTC.Each pack will be available at a price of 50,000 RLM and there will be a 3 hour cooldown between each purchase. As a bonus, Trophy holders from Season 8 will enjoy a discount of 5,000 RLM. Don't miss out, packs are limited to 250 per sale!Take me to the pack!Ultimate Pack50,000 RLM6 Leaders (Guaranteed 4 star/5 star/Platinum Pacifist) (common)27% (uncommon)35% (rare)32% (epic)4.4% (legendary)1% (platinum)0.6%1 Rare or Epic Treasure Token1 Epic or Legendary Equipment Card1 Expert or Elite Helper Card (90%/10%)1 Epic Boost Card250 Available (per sale)What's the latest with RealmCheck out our Discord announcements for the latest news in the Realm Space!Looking for Realm NFT's?Check out the latest Realm NFT's on sale through NeftyBlocksRealm is proud to partner with the following companiesNot your typical NFTYour NFT Leaders and Helpers will come to life when you use them to strategically build a team in the epic game Realm!The GameRealm is a resource management game where you strategically utilize your NFT Leaders to save the world from devastation. Collect resources, unlock regions, build up your in-game RLM Tokens, level up your realm and much much more.Leaders and Rarities11 unique Leaders (and more to come in the future) all providing different strengths and powers that can be used in Realm. Leader rarity is measured on a star scale ranging from 1 star for the base level to 5 stars. A limited supply of Platinum rarity Leaders have now been released which cannot be blended to.Blending and Levelling UpRealm allows you to combine 3 Leader NFT’s of the same level to create 1 Leader of the next rarity level (e.g. 3 x 1 Star General cards blend into 1 x 2 Star General card). You can use your RLM Tokens in-game to level up your Leader. Adding to your leaders’ value via rarity blending and levelling up provides limitless possibilities for market value of your NFT’s and advancing your realm game.Play-2-EarnRealm allows you to play-2-earn RLM Tokens. RLM tokens will be used for a variety of function in Realm including: speeding up upgrades and training, levelling up Leaders, unlocking functionality and more to be announced. Check out our whitepaper for more details.The RoadmapGame Release, NFT's, P2E!!, F2P, Apps, pack drops and much more. The future is bright and exciting for Realm.🏁 CompletedBeta's, Seasons, P2E, F2P and Android App📅 Coming Soon..New Seasons, iOS App, new NFT's, RLM utility and Pack Sales🚀 Future PlansRealm Marketplace, Cross chain, enhancements and much moreMore Have Any Question ?Still don't know enough about Realm, here's some FAQ's to help you out.What actually is Realm?Check out the movie at the top of this page, it's pretty damn cool and it will tell you all about Realm. TLDR; Realm is a resource management game that uses NFT's to take it to another level. Strategically put together a collection of Leaders to help restore the world back to order.What is an NFT and what is WAX?An NFT is a digital asset that represents real-world objects like art, music, in-game items and videos. The Worldwide Asset eXchange (WAX) is the number one platform for NFT's providing the safest and most convenient way to create, buy, sell and trade NFT's to anyone, anywhere in the world. (https://on.wax.io/wax-io/)When can I get my hands on some Realm NFT’s?There is a future pack sale coming soon! Keep your eyes on our social channels for when this is announced. In the meantime, you can find Realm NFT's on the marketplace at https://wax.atomichub.io/market?collection_name=realmnftgame.Is Realm P2E and what is P2E?Yes!! Realm is now a Play-2-Earn game. Play-2-Earn means that you will receive RLM Tokens by playing Realm, you can find more details on this in our whitepaper. The RLM Token that you receive will be able to be spent in-game and also tradable on exchanges.I got a pack and now I’ve got some RealmNFT's, what do I do now?Realm is LIVE NOW! Visit https://play.realmnft.io (or download Realm off the Google Playstore for Android devices and the Apple Playstore for iOS Devices) and start using your Realm NFT's to save the world from devastation while earning RLM along the way.Tell me something I didn’t already know?The most expensive NFT ever sold went for $91.8 million, WTF?! Thousands of NFT sales worth millions of dollars in total value are traded each day. Hmmmm... what if I got a General with a Level 5 rarity and then I upgraded all his stats... When moon? When lambo?Copyright © 2023 Realm NFT Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Matt Calcutt, 64 Commercial Road, Newstead, QLD, Australia, 4006. ACN. 654 890 463