 Skip to content Toggle NavigationHomeAboutAbout HeroTerritoryReta WarFast modeAnnouncementsGame NewsTeam activitiesAmbassador ProgramGuideFAQTokenomicsGame Start The new generation of Game-FiReta Team2023-05-12T18:45:32+09:00 BNB Contract info RETA 0x829555f1197171d35ec51c095e27b47a246ac6a6&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; GRT 0xd911375E7E9582c70fC98b1C6C2fBaad86f457ef&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Official ChannelBNB Contract info RETA 0x829555f1197171d35ec51c095e27b47a246ac6a6 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; GRT 0xd911375E7E9582c70fC98b1C6C2fBaad86f457ef &nbsp;&nbsp; Official ChannelRECENT POSTS Get ready for the 7th Championship!Reta Team2023-09-12T16:30:49+09:00Sep 11, 2023| 6th Party Promotion WinnerReta Team2023-09-08T12:41:04+09:00Sep 4, 2023| Get ready for the 6th Championship!Reta Team2023-08-18T14:05:36+09:00Aug 17, 2023|Recent Posts Get ready for the 7th Championship!Reta Team2023-09-12T16:30:49+09:00Sep 11, 2023| 6th Party Promotion WinnerReta Team2023-09-08T12:41:04+09:00Sep 4, 2023|RECENT POSTS Get ready for the 7th Championship!Reta Team2023-09-12T16:30:49+09:00Sep 11, 2023|All, Game News|ABOUT THE GAMEThe new generation of Game-FiStrategy NFT War-to-earn game where two DAOs compete strategically for revenueHire Heroes,and grow your territory!Think Strategically,and unite with your faction!Lead Faction to Victory,and get greater rewards!The ‘Reta Wars’ is a simulation game that adds strategic elements to DeFi. In particular, it aims for a full-fledged Game-Fi that includes all game elements such as role play, growth, competition, and chance. It does not require busy and fast hand movements like an action game, but it requires thought and wise decisions to effectively control the heroes. The player can establish a long-term strategy, place heroes in the right place, and get rewards based on their performance as a profit.ABOUT THE GAMEThe new generation of Game-FiStrategy NFT War-to-earn game where two DAOs compete strategically for revenueHire Heroes,and grow your territory!Think Strategically,and unite with your faction!Lead Faction to Victory,and get greater rewards!Prepare for a New Era!How to play the best Game-FiPrepare for a New Era!How to play the best Game-FiHire Heroes,and grow your territory!Think Strategically,and unite with your faction!Lead Faction to Victory,and get greater rewards!Prepare for a New Era!How to play the best Game-FiGame FeatureStrategy NFT War-to-earn game where two DAOs compete strategically for revenueHire the NFT HeroesMeet various heroes in Reta Wars now! Heroes will follow you in every game of Retaverse. They will either produce resources at your command or fight enemies in battle.They are always ready to work for your profit and become powerful for the greater profit!!Game FeatureStrategy NFT War-to-earn game where two DAOs compete strategically for revenueHire the NFT HeroesMeet various heroes in Reta Wars now! Heroes will follow you in every game of Retaverse. They will either produce resources at your command or fight enemies in battle.They are always ready to work for your profit and become powerful for the greater profit!!Game FeatureStrategy NFT War-to-earn game wheretwo DAOs compete strategically for revenueHire the NFT HeroesMeet various heroes in Reta Wars now! Heroes will follow you in every game of Retaverse. They will either produce resources at your command or fight enemies in battle.They are always ready to work for your profit and become powerful for the greater profit!!Where your strategy begins,the territoryA lot of resources and a strong army are essential to reap great profits. Now make an operational plan for your territory. Deploy your hired heroes and upgrade your buildings.No one knows how much profit the resources you have produced will bring you back. It only depends on your choice.1234Where your strategy begins,the territoryA lot of resources and a strong army are essential to reap great profits. Now make an operational plan for your territory. Deploy your hired heroes and upgrade your buildings.No one knows how much profit the resources you have produced will bring you back. It only depends on your choice.1234Where your strategy begins,the territoryA lot of resources and a strong army are essential to reap great profits. Now make an operational plan for your territory. Deploy your hired heroes and upgrade your buildings.No one knows how much profit the resources you have produced will bring you back. It only depends on your choice.Intense multiplayer strategyThis is a strategy NFT War-to-earn game where two DAOs compete strategically for revenue. Players must cooperate with players belonging to their faction and gather opinions by voting to achieve greater profits.Always think strategically. The game has many profit opportunities, but the best outcome will depend on your choices. Intense multiplayer strategyThis is a strategy NFT War-to-earn game where two DAOs compete strategically for revenue. Players must cooperate with players belonging to their faction and gather opinions by voting to achieve greater profits.Always think strategically. The game has many profit opportunities, but the best outcome will depend on your choices. Intense multiplayer strategyThis is a strategy NFT War-to-earn game where two DAOs compete strategically for revenue. Players must cooperate with players belonging to their faction and gather opinions by voting to achieve greater profits.Always think strategically. The game has many profit opportunities, but the best outcome will depend on your choices. HOW TO EARN IN RETA WARSVarious Opportunitiestailored to your playstyleReta Wars offers a variety of earning opportunities depending on the player’s style.Players will naturally participate in the ecosystem by trading with other players to achieve each other’s goals.Reta Wars’ most basic revenue comes from selling the resources harvested from the territory to the market. due to the desire to purchase by players interested in war and ranking, the resource will always be a popular commodity in the market.Gather more resources by upgrade buildings &amp; grow heroes. If you stock up on a lot of resources, pay attention to the changes in the price of resources due to war. Conquest of the battlefield will be a new opportunity for resource trading!Supply resources and troops for the daily war!Players can be rewarded according to their contribution. Larger rewards are distributed to the winning faction, so players must actively communicate and vote with their allies to win the war.Challenge the ranking leaderboards. This fierce competition will turn out to be the result of a week of the war. This is the only way to get RETA in the gameplay, and the rewards for the top challengers will be huge. Win trophies prepared for uncompromising winners!There is a way to hire a tenant that can save you time if you become the Feudal Lord. If you have enough NFT Heroes, you can delegate a Tenant to take over your territory management. The more heroes you have, the more tenants you can hire!The tenant system is a completely new and unique scholarship system. All procedures for scholarships are automatically settled in the game. All you need is to run the territory rationally and share the profits with the lord. HOW TO EARN IN RETA WARSVarious Opportunitiestailored to your playstyleReta Wars offers a variety of earning opportunities depending on the player’s style.Players will naturally participate in the ecosystem by trading with other players to achieve each other’s goals.Reta Wars’ most basic revenue comes from selling the resources harvested from the territory to the market. due to the desire to purchase by players interested in war and ranking, the resource will always be a popular commodity in the market.Gather more resources by upgrade buildings &amp; grow heroes. If you stock up on a lot of resources, pay attention to the changes in the price of resources due to war. Conquest of the battlefield will be a new opportunity for resource trading!Supply resources and troops for the daily war!Players can be rewarded according to their contribution. Larger rewards are distributed to the winning faction, so players must actively communicate and vote with their allies to win the war.This fierce competition will turn out to be the result of a week of the war. This is the only way to get RETA in the gameplay, and the rewards for the top challengers will be huge. Win trophies prepared for uncompromising winners!Become a Feudal Lord, hire Tenants and save time. If you have enough NFT Heroes, you can delegate a Tenant to take over your territory management. The more heroes you have, the more tenants you can hire!The tenant system is a completely new and unique scholarship system. All procedures for scholarships are automatically settled in the game. All you need is to run the territory rationally and share the profits with the lord. HOW TO EARN IN RETA WARSVarious Opportunitiestailored to your playstyleReta Wars offers a variety of earning opportunities depending on the player’s style.Players will naturally participate in the ecosystem by trading with other players to achieve each other’s goals.Reta Wars’ most basic revenue comes from selling the resources harvested from the territory to the market. due to the desire to purchase by players interested in war and ranking, the resource will always be a popular commodity in the market.Gather more resources by upgrade buildings &amp; grow heroes. If you stock up on a lot of resources, pay attention to the changes in the price of resources due to war. Conquest of the battlefield will be a new opportunity for resource trading!Supply resources and troops for the daily war!Players can be rewarded according to their contribution. Larger rewards are distributed to the winning faction, so players must actively communicate and vote with their allies to win the war.Challenge the ranking leaderboards. This fierce competition will turn out to be the result of a week of the war. This is the only way to get RETA in the gameplay, and the rewards for the top challengers will be huge. Win trophies prepared for uncompromising winners!There is a way to hire a tenant that can save you time if you become the Feudal Lord. If you have enough NFT Heroes, you can delegate a Tenant to take over your territory management. The more heroes you have, the more tenants you can hire!The tenant system is a completely new and unique scholarship system. All procedures for scholarships are automatically settled in the game. All you need is to run the territory rationally and share the profits with the lord.Join Now &amp;Prepare for the New Generationof War-to-EarnNFT MARKETPLACEJoin Now &amp;Prepare for the New Generationof Play-to-EarnNFT MARKETPLACEJoin Now &amp;Prepare for theNew Generationof Play-to-EarnNFT MARKETPLACEOUR TOKENOMICSA world where the sun never sets,The Retaverse ecosystemRETA deviates from the typical token paradigm of the existing Cryptogame ecosystem, devising a token economy of a new structure to present values and visions for a sustainable ecosystem. Multi-token interactionOur core task to create a sustainable ecosystem is to prevent inflation and create a stable circulation of tokens.We have created an ecosystem where every player has a different reward objective, and they will interact with other players to achieve their goals.RETA: Strong governanceRealital Metaverse (RETA) allows Play-to-earn users approached by mining to naturally switch to the holder and grow with the Retaverse ecosystem. RETA suggests the value of new governance in the Play-to-Earn ecosystem from the fact that players can grow with the ecosystem as holders of RETA ownership, benefit, and exercise their rights.Prudent and long-term supply policyRETA is not just a game token for Reta Wars. It will be the platform token of our extended ecosystem, Retaverse.Many new games will be added to this ecosystem, and Reta Wars is just the beginning. And our token supply policy is also based on that.More on TokenomicsOUR TOKENOMICSA world where the sun never sets,The Retaverse ecosystemRETA deviates from the typical token paradigm of the existing Cryptogame ecosystem, devising a token economy of a new structure to present values and visions for a sustainable ecosystem. Multi-token interactionOur core task to create a sustainable ecosystem is to prevent inflation and create a stable circulation of tokens.We have created an ecosystem where every player has a different reward objective, and they will interact with other players to achieve their goals.RETA: Strong governanceRealital Metaverse (RETA) allows Play-to-earn users approached by mining to naturally switch to the holder and grow with the Retaverse ecosystem. RETA suggests the value of new governance in the Play-to-Earn ecosystem from the fact that players can grow with the ecosystem as holders of RETA ownership, benefit, and exercise their rights.Prudent and long-term supply policyRETA is not just a game token for Reta Wars. It will be the platform token of our extended ecosystem, Retaverse.Many new games will be added to this ecosystem, and Reta Wars is just the beginning. And our token supply policy is also based on that.More on TokenomicsOUR TOKENOMICSA world where the sun never sets,The Retaverse ecosystemRETA deviates from the typical token paradigm of the existing Cryptogame ecosystem,devising a token economy of a new structure to present values and visions for a sustainable ecosystem. Multi-token interactionOur core task to create a sustainable ecosystem is to prevent inflation and create a stable circulation of tokens.We have created an ecosystem where every player has a different reward objective, and they will interact with other players to achieve their goals.RETA: Strong governanceRealital Metaverse (RETA) allows Play-to-earn users approached by mining to naturally switch to the holder and grow with the Retaverse ecosystem. RETA suggests the value of new governance in the Play-to-Earn ecosystem from the fact that players can grow with the ecosystem as holders of RETA ownership, benefit, and exercise their rights.Prudent and long-term supply policyRETA is not just a game token for Reta Wars. It will be the platform token of our extended ecosystem, Retaverse.Many new games will be added to this ecosystem, and Reta Wars is just the beginning. And our token supply policy is also based on that.More on TokenomicsOUR ROADMAPWe always plan with confidence andProve it with resultsMany projects are attracting public attention from the early stages of development, paying high marketing costs, but only a few reach actual results. Therefore, unlike the market trend, we decided that it was a priority to produce clear products first to prove our technology and vision. OUR ROADMAPWe always plan with confidence andProve it with resultsMany projects are attracting public attention from the early stages of development, paying high marketing costs, but only a few reach actual results. Therefore, unlike the market trend, we decided that it was a priority to produce clear products first to prove our technology and vision. OUR ROADMAPWe always plan with confidence andProve it with resultsMany projects are attracting public attention from the early stages of development, paying high marketing costs, but only a few reach actual results. Therefore, unlike the market trend, we decided that it was a priority to produce clear products first to prove our technology and vision. COMPANY &amp; TEAMBlockchain Technology forSustainable and Entertaining Experience+ Realital CompanyNew Paradigm, New TeamAfter much experience and research in our respective positions, we have come to the conclusion that in order for this system to settle successfully, we must start from a completely new perspective, rather than change or modify existing systems.Product First PolicyMarketing dominates a lot in this chaotic marketplace. And the public still can’t predict when the deliverables of many projects will come out. We will restore public trust in this market. We will always present a clear product first.Group of game development expertsFrom Tencent to Netmarble, the core developers on our team have been making real games for an average of 10 years. We know more than anyone about the value, function, and structure of the game.+ Core TeamC.E.O/ Head DeveloperLead Art directorServer DeveloperC.O.OGame DesignerClient DeveloperServer DeveloperMarketing ManagerCOMPANY &amp; TEAMBlockchain Technology forSustainable and Entertaining Experience+ Realital CompanyNew Paradigm, New TeamAfter much experience and research in our respective positions, we have come to the conclusion that in order for this system to settle successfully, we must start from a completely new perspective, rather than change or modify existing systems.Product First PolicyMarketing dominates a lot in this chaotic marketplace. And the public still can’t predict when the deliverables of many projects will come out. We will restore public trust in this market. We will always present a clear product first.Group of game development expertsFrom Tencent to Netmarble, the core developers on our team have been making real games for an average of 10 years. We know more than anyone about the value, function, and structure of the game.+ Core TeamC.E.O/ Head DeveloperLead Art directorServer DeveloperC.O.OGame DesignerClient DeveloperServer DeveloperMarketing ManagerCOMPANY &amp; TEAMBlockchain Technology forSustainable and Entertaining Experience+ Realital CompanyNew Paradigm, New TeamAfter much experience and research in our respective positions, we have come to the conclusion that in order for this system to settle successfully, we must start from a completely new perspective, rather than change or modify existing systems.Product First PolicyMarketing dominates a lot in this chaotic marketplace. And the public still can’t predict when the deliverables of many projects will come out. We will restore public trust in this market. We will always present a clear product first.Group of game development expertsFrom Tencent to Netmarble, the core developers on our team have been making real games for an average of 10 years. We know more than anyone about the value, function, and structure of the game.+ Core TeamC.E.O/ Head DeveloperLead Art directorServer DeveloperC.O.OGame DesignerClient DeveloperServer DeveloperMarketing ManagerAS FEATURED INOur Web3 PartnersWHITE PAPERTERM OF USEPRIVACY POLICYCONTRACT ADDRESSWHITE PAPERTERM OF USEPRIVACY POLICYCONTRACT ADDRESSWHITE PAPERCONTRACTPRIVACY POLICYTERM OF USE © Copyright 2021 - 2023 | Reta Wars by ⓒRealital | All Rights Reserved.C.E.O. Lee JungPyo | Business number: 681-81-02301 | business@realital.com※The minting and management entity for tokens and NFT is Realital LLC, and Realital Co., Ltd is responsible for developing the service. Page load link Go to Top 