 0% Play &amp; Earn Ecosystem NFT Novus Team Partners EN ​ Sign In dApp Play and Earn Since we have a crypto-currency side to our game, all our smart contracts have been audited by a security audit to prove. Ownerchip Catch your revomons and choose to turn them into worthy digital assets. The NFTs can be traded at any time within the ecosystem. Several collections are available all based on rarity. Ladders Rank yourself among the best trainers and earn true incentives in crypto assets. Several ranking systems are available; Factions, PVP, PVE, Podium &amp; more! Achievements Complete the main game story based on quests and challenges to earn rewards. Revomon Ecosystem More than a game, an application built on the top to provide a real value from virtual activities. Marketplace Buying and selling NFTs has never been easier; discover Revomon's marketplace for buying in $REVO and $BNB. Filter by rarity, nature and capabilities to refine your search and find that special gem! Creation Hub Where Ideas Shape Reality. Each month, submit your 2D revomon suggestions and engage in the selection process by using tickets to vote for your favorites. The chosen designs will transcend into stunning 3D realities, brought to life by your collective input. Join us in co-creating the next generation of revomon creatures in a community-driven journey like no other. DAO Powering the REVO Crypto Community. Our decentralized organization drives the monster collectible game at the core of Revomon. Through REVO cryptocurrency, we enable a shared, immersive, and collaborative gaming experience, where players shape the game's evolution together. Get $REVO Go To dApp REVO Dekute Shiny Normal Toxic Forest Dekute's are usually very timid but also like to be sneaky and playful. You can turn your Revomon into NFT We believe in a gaming world where players can truly own what they collect. Here all assets you get can be turned into tradeable NFTs. DEKUTE ZORELLE GORLIT DESUKE ZORENE GOROX DEKSCIPLE BLIZZORA GORCANO New release Revomon Novus The new open-world ecosystem based on ownable digital parcels Discover Meet Our Team Discover the talented individuals who power our project. Jordan CEO | CoFounder Maxime CTO | CoFounder Florian Game Director | CoFounder Pierre Lead Developer Mathew Advisor Ferran Pau Global Community Manager Wesley Audio Director Our Partners Building synergies for success. Our network of valued partners forms the cornerstone of our achievements. Play &amp; Earn Ecosystem NFT Novus Team Partners Email contact@revomon.io Address Somewhere in the metaverse © 2023 Revomon 