 Home Blog Resources NFT App Close Comming Soon Comming Soon Comming Soon Comming Soon Comming Soon Comming Soon Discover Rikkei Finance A decentralized protocol for lending and borrowing on multi-chain. Enabling A Safe and Secure Open Lending for multiple assets ETH 0xc8ef1460277ea47d179dec66d1c5f8b7f7ae5a28 BSC 0xe17fbdf671f3cce0f354cacbd27e03f4245a3ffe rikkei.finance @RikkeiFinance t.me/RikkeiFinance Rikkei.Finance Why RI KKEI .FI NANCE 0 1 A Well-structured DeFi Protocol Under Rikkei Finance Planet, there are 5 main zones: Sport &amp; Recreation Center, Farming Zone, NFT Marketplace, RiWork and Governance, DAO &amp; Lending. All will eventually support the development of Rikkei Finance's core product - LENDING. 0 2 Solving NFT illiquidity with NFT Marketplace Rikkei Finance NFT Marketplace provides high liquidity and a wide range of NFTs at an affordable price, fostering the NFT collateralization of Rikkei Finance Lending Protocol. 0 3 A Safe and Secure Lending Protocol Rikkei Finance Lending Protocol applies multiple methods to ensure system sustainability, including: applying an improved Multi-kinked interest rate model, employing 5-phase asset selection process, which will eliminate the risk of price corrections and market manipulation, allowing RIFI system to sustainably respond to any market situations. 0 4 Community-centred Rikkei Finance is a secure protocol that will be user-centric, allowing RIFI holders to vote on system policy through the Rikkei Finance DAO. Furthermore, the benefits of users are of the utmost importance in the Rikkei Finance protocol. To ensure users get the best returns, a safe positive-yield interest rate model is used. Rikkei Finance users will have access to the first-ever liquidation coverage, which will protect them from smart contract hacks and asset liquidation. 0 5 Farming with Great Returns A variety of investing methods is available for Rikkei Finance users, including LP Farming, NFT Farming and Boost Farming, which allows you to stake RIFI or dually stake RIFI &amp; NFT and earn huge APY. RIFI BACKED BY RiFi . in the news Rikkei Finance Raises $5.6 Million to Build The First Open Lending Platform with Cross-Chain Support and NFTs Collateralization Rikkei Finance Introduces Five-Stage Transparency System for Crypto Lending 5 Reasons Why RiFi Is Going To Change the DeFi Lending Ecosystem Rikkei Finance Announces a Series of Creative Community Contests rikkei.finance @RikkeiFinance t.me/RikkeiFinance Rikkei.Finance Back To Top 