 About Roadmap Burn For Elixir Fund Tokens Stats Stake Now Previous Auctions Live Auctions RL Breeding roaring leaders Roaring Leaders is a unique deflationary collection of 10,000 generative NFTs represented by the leaders of the jungle on the ethereum blockchain. Buy on Opensea What is Roaring Leaders ? Roaring Leaders is a unique deflationary collection of 10,000 generative NFTs on the ethereum blockchain. The collection includes the first ever NFT mutual fund called the Leaders’ Fund. Our artwork includes ~200+ handcrafted traits to capture the spirit and energy defining the leaders of the world represented by the lions and tigers of the jungle! Here's a sneak peek of our upcoming Roadmap 2.0 Roadmap 1 20% Sold 10 Roaring Leader NFTs airdropped to 10 winners from the first 20% holders 2 40% Sold Founders gift the Leaders' Fund with one M2 mutant ape and one Cool Cat 3 60% Sold 10 Elixir NFTs airdropped to 10 winners from the first 60% holders 6 2 weeks after sellout Launch of elixir deflationary mechanics 5 100% Sold Founders gift the Leaders' Fund with one M1 mutant ape and one Chrome Squiggy 4 80% Sold 10 Roaring Leader NFTs airdropped to 10 winners from the first 80% holders 7 Launch of staking to earn $ROAR RL NFTs can now be staked to earn our $ROAR utility token 8 Live auctions for $ROAR Auctions of special items/NFTs for $ROAR 9 Breeding Breeding of a male and female Roaring Leader to get a Roaring Roccstar 12 Inaugurate the Jungle Store Buy Jungle Store items for $ROAR (e.g. elixirs for cubs, merchandise, etc.) 11 $ROAR Polygon Bridge Release a Polygon bridge for $ROAR to reduce the gas fees spent on auctions, poker, marble run tournaments, lottery and upcoming Jungle Store items! 10 Dating marketplace for breeding introduced Dating marketplace to matchup with other RL holders for breeding! Stake your RL NFTs to earn $ROAR Staking is a fairly new concept in NFTs, allowing holders to see immediate tangible returns from their assets. By staking your NFTs, they are locked (you cannot sell or list them) and you earn 10 $ROAR per day. You are free to unstake at any time and while staked, you earn $ROAR, which has a variety of use cases including breeding, Jungle store items, exclusive mints and merchandise. Breeding You can breed a male and female Roaring Leader NFT to get a Roaring Leader cub (separate collection). Breeding costed 600 $ROAR for the first 1,000 cubs and is currently at 1,200 $ROAR. Breeding costs are decided by community votes. If you don't have both a male and female RL NFT, there's nothing to worry about. We have a dating marketplace for matching you up with another holder! 3% Royalties: Community to Vote and Choose What is the Leaders' Fund ? The Leaders' Fund is the first-ever NFT mutual fund. 3% of secondary sales will go towards the Leaders’ Fund . Using these funds, we plan to buy other "blue chip" NFTs based on community voting and fractionalize ownership of these NFTs equally amongst holders. Besides the 3% of secondary sales, the founders have also gifted 4 "blue chip" NFTs to the Leaders' Fund. The fund currently includes one BAYC, one M1 mutant ape, one Veefriends, one Chrome Squiggle, an 11 plot Decentraland estate and one BAKC. The fund is currently worth about $0.8 million! What are Elixirs and How is Roaring Leaders Deflationary ? We've introduced a mechanism where NFT holders can choose to burn a Roaring Leader NFT to get an elixir. Each elixir has an ability to upgrade the rarity of one trait of one of your other Roaring Leader NFTs of your choosing. This process reduces the supply of the collection and is therefore deflationary, enhancing the value for all holders. Why rarity upgrades? Because we believe leaders are not born, they're made! The elixir mechanism was closed on Nov 15th, 2021. Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Unmute Current Time&nbsp; 0:00 / Duration&nbsp; -:- Loaded : 0.00% Stream Type&nbsp; LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time&nbsp; - -:- &nbsp; 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Subtitles subtitles settings , opens subtitles settings dialog subtitles off , selected Audio Track Picture-in-Picture Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Have you heard the new rap about Roaring Leaders ? Team Treasure Seeker Dev Leader Nerd Minter Marketing Leader Carlos Art Leader Dayhzz Community Leader Mint your Roaring Leaders 0 &nbsp;/ 10,000 Roaring Leaders minted Mint 0.065 ETH + Gas *Max 15 per tx About Roadmap Elixirs Leaders Fund Team Copyright © 2021 Terms 