 Robotos Workshop Shop Your Stuff Connect RO BOT OS Buy on Robotos Marketplace Get your robotos Robotos is a collection of droid characters designed by Pablo Stanley and minted as NFTs. They are constructed from various metal outfits, tin faces, digital accessories, top pieces, faces, backpacks, arms, and colors. Get your own! Buy on Robotos Marketplace Rarity Each NFT is algorithmically generated by combining 170+ unique traits with varying rarity across categories. Types 9,999 Total Robots Common Robotos Less Common Helmetos Rare Cyborgos Super Rare Computos Variations 38 Head Tops 32 Eyes 18 Helmets 16 Mouth 18 Ears 12 Arms 10 Chassis Colors 9 Backpacks 6 Computo Heads 6 Chest Screens 5 Bodies 4 Head Types 4 Human Faces faq What are Robotos? Robotos is a collection of algorithmically generated droid characters designed by Pablo Stanley and minted as NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain. The 1st generation of 10,000 droids will be constructed from various metal outfits, tin faces, digital accessories, top pieces, faces, backpacks, arms, and colors. Robotos have different body types, some rarer than others, and... there are rumors that you could find humans pretending to be robots too. Is it true? 🤔 Who is behind Robotos? The Robotos team are Meela , Lulu , Zackboto , Niklas , Bureboto , Ireboto , Captain Excellent , Jaboto , Darude , the Bueno Team , and Pablo Stanley. Lulu and Meela have led the community, events, partnerships, and marketing efforts. Zack built the algorithmic image previewer and editor, as well as the unique web3 experiences like the banner editor, your stuff page, the suit-up tool, the Robotos Workshop, and the Robopets Smart Contract. Jaboto and Bueno joined, helping with the gaming and world-building tools. Niklas has led the Discord management, bots, security, and adventures. Bureboto and Captain Excellent have expanded the art and world of Robotos and added their unique design vision to the project. Other people who have helped throughout Roboto's history include Ashira , Damn Randy , Melissa Mimosa , Caveguy , Viri , Ireboto , Waldo , Foodmasku , Tony Herrera , Clorxo , and Darude . And we couldn't be anywhere without the help of our distinguished mods, POLG , Cool Kevin, LeBoto James , Saint , Doomboto, and Dimps. Pablo Stanley created Robotos, including all the art and story, and has led the project ever since. He's also a cofounder of Bueno and Humankind. He's previously contributed to the design community with open-source illustrations like Open Peeps , Humaaans , Avataaars , Buttts , Bottts , and Open Doodles . He's also the creator of The Design Team comics series. In 2021, Pablo Stanley , Zackboto , and @guiltyNFT co-founded Robotos. Pabs has shared free crash courses on different art and design tools on his YouTube channel, Sketch Together. And he's created some fun (and some dumb) projects like Clubpad , Pablito Planeta, Latinx Who Design , and Dreamer Stories . Be sure to also follow Humankind , another project made by Pablo, Meela, &amp; the Bueno team. What do I get? You get different image assets of your Roboto, including an animated GIF, PNG, and SVG file (which is resolution free.) Each Roboto comes with rights to create and distribute derivatives. Read more on the license agreement. How do I get my stuff? Visit Your Stuff to view all the assets associated with your Roboto, including the SVG (vector graphics), transparent background, Roboto spec sheet, and more. Why Robotos? By collecting Robotos you'll have a voice in the community and help guide the direction of the project and development of the story. Already some great ideas have come from the community. Working together we can continue the grow the Robotos ecosystem! What’s an NFT? NFT stands for "Non-fungible token," which means that it's a unique, digital item with blockchain-managed ownership that users can buy, own, and trade. Some NFT's fundamental function is to be digital art. But they can also offer additional benefits like exclusive access to websites, event tickets, game items, and ownership records for physical objects. Think of it as a unique piece of art that can also work as a "members-only" card. Robotos works like this. How do I NFT? New to NFTs? No worries, here are some steps on what you need to do to get your Roboto. Download the metamask.io extension for the Chrome/Brave browser or app on mobile. This will allow you to make purchases with Ethereum and can be found in the extensions tab. If you are on mobile, you must use the Metamask App Browser You can purchase Ethereum through the Metamask Wallet using Wyre or Send Ethereum from an exchange like Coinbase . Click on Connect at the top of the page and connect your Metamask. Once joined, you will be able to purchase the NFTs in the mint section. You will be prompted to sign your transaction. FYI, there will be a fee associated with every transaction related to gas prices. Once you have made your purchase, your Roboto NFTs will be viewable in your wallet and on OpenSea . ‍ DOMO ARIGATO Buy on Robotos Marketplace Follow Robotos on Twitter , Discord and Medium Verified Smart Contract 