 Runestone Runestone Runestone Runestone Runestone Runestone Runestone Runestone Home MINT Rune Bag NFT Medium Article Recent AMA's YouTube AMA's Runestone Token Review Runestone Token AMA White Paper Runestone NFT Medium Rune Bag NFT Medium More Home MINT Rune Bag NFT Medium Article Recent AMA's YouTube AMA's Runestone Token Review Runestone Token AMA White Paper Runestone NFT Medium Rune Bag NFT Medium Home MINT Rune Bag NFT Medium Article Recent AMA's YouTube AMA's Runestone Token Review Runestone Token AMA White Paper Runestone NFT Medium Rune Bag NFT Medium Invitation to join the Clan: Contract 0xc68a4c68f17fed266a5e39e7140650acadfe78f8 Telegram https://t.me/+12Cp-ekjC9hhNDgx A brief history... From the Chaos... This space is occupied with those who would take from the coffers with no regard for those who wish to make a reality of the dream which is financial freedom... This chaos is abundant and, overwhelming. From the Ashes... Those who have lost, those who have suffered, know the pain of "what if"... They have fallen to dust, and from dust they shall arise anew. We are the ones who have arisen from the old way, the way in which we all feel so we may shout out '"ENOUGH!" Birth... Is it enough then, to be renewed in your fervor of a fresh opportunity? We gift you the opportunity to make your profit and renew your faith in this new world of freedom. Cast aside your old ways and, make way for a rebirth of the soul... About Us... Primary Developer ~ Ryan I began my journey in DeFi over a year and a half ago and quickly learned about honeypots and rug pulls. It made me sick and frustrated to watch, time and time again, scams being propagated in this space that was meant for individuals to prosper in an opportunity that has not been seen before in the financial world. I thought, if these thieves can launch tokens then I can launch a safe project where investors see my face and know the contract is safe and secure. I am relentless in my effort to bring about the change we wish to see in this space... safe, secure contracts with legitimate developers who won't abandon a project when the going gets tough. Perseverance, honest, integrity, and transparency are what I believe in. Developer ~ Samurai In the same line as Ryan, I grew exhausted from trying to invest in projects only to be rugged by a scam dev or team. Time and time again this played out until Ryan and I decided enough is enough. I work, tirelessly, to build communities and to bring exposure to our project. My primary functions are to build the community, ensure that we get exposure for our project, through Twitter, and to encourage our investors to see and understand our long term plans and vision. I will always put forth my best effort for our investors because, I am an investor myself and, I want to see us all profit from safe, secure projects like Runestone! Tokenomics Dextools https://www.dextools.io/app/ether/pair-explorer/0x5df66bf82a3096d886368149acb3de561143f530 Total Supply vs circulating supply 1,000,000,000 total supply vs 627,000 circulating supply (Current supply left... +/- 7% on Uniswap) Burn: 37.29% has currently been true burned from supply Manual and automated burn functions strategically utilized that will continue to increase the token value due to increasing scarcity of the total supply being removed. Liquidity Pool Redirects 1% of the buy/ sell transaction back to the liquidity pool, offering continuous growth &amp; stability of our chart. Marketing Marketing as it is meant to be... With us, gone are the days of marketing wallet being used for nefarious, deceitful means. 1% directed to ensure our token will always have the funds to bring in new investors. Development We rise as the old ways fall... 1% directed to the development of the token and the team that is putting the hours and days to help our investors gain profitability. Road Map Phase 1 Social Media Growth ✔ $RUNE Launch ✔ Promotions ✔ Liquidity Locked w/ Team Finance ✔ Medium Article Published ✔ Website Launch ✔ Phase 2 Collaboration for NFT Project ✔ White Paper Published ✔ Medium for Runestone NFT Collection✔ Promotions w/ YouTube Influencers ✔ Updated Website ✔ KYC &amp; Contract Audit CG &amp; CMC Listing Phase 3 NFT's Launch✔ Runestone NFT League Arena More Social Media Growth More Partnerships Exchange Listings Contact Us For Comments, Questions, or General Inquiries Name Email* Send This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. runestonetoken@gmail.com Frequently Asked Questions Is this just another money grab? Our belief is that anyone can rise from the depths to create a path of opportunity in order to create the generational wealth you desire... this is not a money grab. But, aren't you just trying to pump and dump? No, this token... this community... this idea is bigger than that. We want all holders to understand that from the ashes, one can rise and create your own wealth through this platform of cryptocurrency. You have it within you to rise from your humble beginnings and make something worthwhile that can create generational wealth. So, seriously... you aren't going to just leave us when you make a few bucks? No... we want to profit from our efforts as well and, we will work as hard as we can to ensure that this is a safe, secure environment in which we can all receive our just rewards! Socials Copyright © 2023 Runestonetoken - All Rights Reserved. This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Decline Accept 