 About $SFRC NFT Roadmap Whitepaper Staking Buy $SFRC Play Video Play Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time -:- Progress: NaN% Non-Fullscreen About What is SafariCrush? SafariCrush is a very casual and simple puzzle game. The goal of the game is to match three or more animals of the same shape, and as the player clears stages and completes quests, they will receive rewards. Howto How To Play? Install the app from either Google Play or the Apple App Store depending on your mobile device Connect your web3 wallet to the game when accessing (Binance Smart Chain) Now, you can enjoy the game and have fun! How To Earn? Clear the stages and complete the quests. You will receive rewards that correspond to them Collect NFT characters and trade them with others using $SFRC Participate in the seasonal ranking matches and achieve good results. There are huge prizes at stake Participate in the tournament that takes place every hour. If you rank high, you can win a portion of the Prizepool as a reward $SFRC What is $SFRC? Token : $SFRC Total Supply : 100,000,000 Chain : Binance Smart Chain Contract : 0x0D7C1FAD6B572eaDcA2ADA5A37365876019e290B Safari Crush Tokenomics 49% - Presale Sale + Initial DEX Liquidity 20% - Ecosystem 11% - Staking 10% - Marketing 5% - Strategic Partnerships 5% - Team NFT Introducing SafariCrush NFT Collect and grow Safari friends. They will provide you with a lot of assistance when playing the game Safari friends each have their own unique skills and acquire new skills as they grow You can acquire rare Safari friends through gacha. Rare Safari friends exhibit superior abilities compared to normal Safari friends. If you possess a rare friend, it will become extremely valuable Roadmap Q1,Q2 2023 Safari Crush game development Website Creation DEMO game released Blockchain integration $SFRC Contract Audit Safari Crush App Released Google Play Store Listing Apple App Store Listing Token Staking Token Launch Q3,Q4 2023 Market Place Tournament System Guild System FUTURE MORE COOL STUFF TO COME 75, Dunsan 1-gil, Seosan-si, Chungcheongnam-do, Republic of Korea © 2023 Safari Crush. All Rights Reserved. CONTACT master@safaricrush.io Telegram ALERT X This feature is coming soon. 