 SafeSwap Home About Why SafeSwap? Features Digital Assets Blockchains Wallets More SHA Token Community Frequently Asked Questions Brand Assets Contact Launch app List your project SafeSwap Receives an Optimism Builders Grant! Read more SafeSwap Protocol Cross-Chain Bridge for Atomic Swaps of Native Tokens Between Different Blockchains Cross-chain 1:1 native token swaps Exclusively for real native tokens No reliance on wrapped tokens Swap directly between your wallets Ultra-secure atomic swaps Zero user liquidity needed Launch app List your project SafeSwap Features Swap Digital Assets SafeSwap allows you to easily swap your EVM-based digital assets between multiple blockchains in real time. Supported digital assets Cross-Chain Atomic Swaps SafeSwap works with blockchains based on Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). These include Ethereum, VeChain, Polygon, Binance Smart Chain and more. Supported blockchains Connect Multiple Wallets SafeSwap’s goal is to support multiple digital wallets, in efforts to limit barriers and steps required for using our platform. Supported wallets Discover our features Not Just Another Token Swap Platform SafeSwap Helps You Transfer Native Tokens Between Different Blockchains By Using Atomic Swaps Meet SafeSwap, a secure cross-chain atomic swapping protocol that’s changing the game for interoperability of tokens and dApps. By leveraging atomic swaps, SafeSwap enables token transfers between a user’s wallets across different blockchains, without needing third-party liquidity or middlemen. Unlike other solutions that involve user liquidity and wrapped tokens, SafeSwap uses native tokens only, eliminating risks like smart contract vulnerabilities, token supply manipulation and unauthorized trading of wrapped tokens. Launch app List your project Supported Blockchains Available Available Available Available Available Launch app Discover all features Start Using SafeSwap Today Experience the Freedom of Cross-Chain Atomic Swaps Enjoy the luxuries of a sophisticated decentralized tool, brought to light in a simple, user-friendly interface. Let SafeSwap be your tool for bridging blockchains and beyond. Launch app List your project ©2020-2023 Safe Swap Cookie Policy Privacy Policy GDPR Terms &amp; Conditions Purchase Agreement The SafeSwap website uses cookies. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By continuing to the website you consent to the use of all the cookies. Cookie Settings Accept Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ... Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description _ga 2 years This cookie is set and used to calculate visitors, sessions, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. This cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. _ga_V5YMSC0EXH 2 years This cookie is set and used to calculate visitors, sessions, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. This cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE &amp; ACCEPT 