 👉 Click here to join our Discord! 👈 Giving Back Monsters Team Provenance FAQ Want to mint Monsters? What are Satoshibles? We are the NFT for Bitcoin Enthusiasts. A collection of 5000 algorithmically generated crypto collectible NFTs that have been generated using 192 hand illustrated attributes, spread over 9 traits. Each one unique all ranging in rarity. Find out more View on OpenSea Random Satoshibles The Roadmap Join the Bitcoin Family We've partnered with Stacks to build the worlds first cross-chain NFT bridge allowing assets to be moved back and forth between Ethereum and Stacks, secured by Bitcoin. This is a hugely ambitious project which will provide a fundamental shift to the NFT landscape and opens up endless possibilities. The original Satoshibles will be the first NFT project given access to cross the bridge to BTC via Stacks Expand the Team Its critical that we are able to fund the team enabling them to work full time on Satoshibles, further we recognize a need for additional resource in the areas of marketing and dev Power to the People Longer term we want to create a DAO within Satoshibles to give some control back to the community in terms of what the future holds. We recognize that this is a complex topic with a ton of nuance and we will be seeking advice from experts in this area and will consult with the holders of Satoshibles before we embark on anything Keep giving back We have started strong with our partnership with Built with Bitcoin and we plan to continue to do charitable works that have a lasting impact on the people we look to support. We have a lot of plans for the next leg of this part of our journey and in will be outlining a roadmap specific to our charitable giving in November Lets Talk about Merch We'll integrate a print on demand service directly through the Satoshibles website - this will allow you to log in with your wallet and print your Satoshibles onto a variety of merchandise. We also make a strong commitment to ensuring that we only source and partner with ethical suppliers in this space Hang me up We aim to have Satoshibles displayed in both physical and metaverse art galleries around the world. We believe that Satoshibles art is iconic and we will continue to build connections in this space to achieve this goal. Airdrops With our enlarged team and capability we have cool ideas around rewarding Satoshibles holders with airdrops. These will be carefully considered and designed to commemorate moments and reward holders of Satoshibles projects. Meet the team Feel free to get in touch on the discord. Always happy to meet new people! Brian Laughlan Dev / Design @bruffstar Ayyoub Bouzerda Artist @aybzrda Aaron Hanson Developer @CoffeeConverter Jarrad Douglas Community Manager @nzjaydee FAQ General Info Do you have a roadmap? Yes, here it is: Roadmap Where does my NFT go after I purchase? Your Satoshible NFT's will appear in whatever address, or connected wallet you used to purchase. You can see your transaction history by clicking on your wallet address in the header or view all minted tokens on Opensea . I went to OpenSea and I cannot see my NFT? Sometimes it may take a while for OpenSea to update. In most cases this should happen in a minute or so, in some extreme cases we have seen this take up to 10 minutes. You may see a 404 page or something similar until OpenSea catches up with itself. Simply wait and refresh the page to try again. If the NFT page does load and you only see an animated gif image, then again, OpenSea has not fully refreshed. This means, it knows it exists, but it has not pulled in the metadata yet. There is a "Refresh MetaData" button on the page. Can I resell my Satoshible? Yes! You can list your NFT for sale on OpenSea. Find out more here: How do I list an NFT to sell? What can I do with my Satoshible? By owning any NFT in the Satoshibles ecosystem, you own the underlying artwork and all of its Intellectual Property. We strongly believe in the power of web3 and are really excited by all of the exciting new possibilities this can give people both personally and commercially. It’s important to us that the project aligns itself to a more decentralized approach, this includes how we handle the IP connected to the underlying artwork of your Satoshibles NFTs. Our Intellectual Property Assignment agreement grants you complete ownership of your Satoshibles, transferring all rights to the art to each holder completely. You can view the full agreement here: Digital Ownership Assignment Terms can be a little hard to read, so to avoid any ambiguity, you can see some FAQs about Intellectual Property here: I have created or commissioned derivative art of my Satoshible. What happens when I sell it? Everything created around your Satoshible during your ownership of the NFT does not transfer when you sell it or give it away. The derivative works remain in their current owners’ possession. See Article 4 of assignment I have used my Satoshible to create a brand of t-shirts. I produced 500 of them, sold 200, and have 300 left in stock. Can I still sell them after I sold my Satoshible? Yes, you can still sell your remaining t-shirts. Basically, everything created and every rights granted during your ownership will remain valid after the transfer of the NFT to a new owner. See Article 4 of assignment I have authorized a third party to use my Satoshible as the logo of their brand. Can they still use it if I give away my Satoshible to a new owner? Yes, they can. See Article 4 of assignment Are the rights transferred if I give away the Satoshible for free or trade it? Yes they are transferred as they are linked to the NFT itself, not the way its ownership is changed. See Article 4 of assignment I’m thinking of acquiring a Satoshible. Is there a way for me to know how its IP has been used in the past? Unfortunately, not yet. You’ll have to do your own researches, ask the current owner about it if they are available. Each Satoshible comes with a unique past and there’s no way around it! See Article 4 of assignment Are there limits to what I can do with the art I rightfully own? As the Author of the art, the Satoshibles project conserves what we call ‘Moral Rights’ over each Satoshible. So we have the right to preserve the integrity of the art and we will use it to protect the brand and its community should the art be used to promote hatred, intolerance, violence, cruelty, or anything else that could reasonably be found to constitute hate speech or any use of the art that would alter its spirit or be deemed prejudicial to our reputation. See Article 6 of assignment Can I use the name ‘Satoshibles’, ‘Sats’, ‘Monster Satoshibles’ along with the art of my NFT for commercial purposes? No, you only own the rights to your specific Satoshible, not to the brand and its name. This is to avoid people mistaking brands built around a specific Satoshible for an official Satoshibles project initiative. See Article 7 of assignment I own a Satoshible, can I use the Satoshible branding, logos, icon, etc? No, only the Satoshibles project can use those. Again, to avoid confusion between the official Satoshibles projects/brands. See Article 7 of assignment Someone used my Satoshible without my approval. What can I do? You should start by reaching out to the entity doing it to ask them to stop. Then move on to enforcement notices and have them written by a lawyer. What about tokenomics? Excluding the first 50 Satoshibles we reserved for marketing use, the remaining tokens, from the 5000 max supply, will be sold at an initial base price. Once the max supply is reached, the smart contract is not capable of minting any more. Are the images unique? Yes absolutly, each Satoshible image is unique and has been algorithmically generated using a combination of different attributes. The only exception to this is the very first token, aka Satoshible #1 , this was created manually using all the "standard" attributes. Are the images stored on IPFS? Yes, once all 5000 NFT's have been minted, we will upload all images to IPFS where they will live until the end of time. Find out more here: Provenance Information Further Info I have some more questions, where can I get in touch? Please feel free to reach out to us on our Telegram , Discord or drop us a Tweet . © 2023 Satoshibles. All Rights Reserved. Monsters Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy FAQ 