 Connect SharkBNB "Fortune Favors the Brave" Invest for 25% Daily Interest and Seize your Path to Riches! Referral Royalty Achieved: Conquer the 5 Levels of High Referral Incentives Deposit 2,550,296.02 Contract BNB Balance 76,135.5 Total Referral BNB Reward 35,687 Active Investors 123,606.82 Giveaway Free BNB Claim Congrats to early investors! They are rich now! RUNNING: 400+ Days... Deposit Period (days): 5 5 Deposit Amount: Max Daily ROI: 25% Total Profit: 2500% In 100 days you will earn: 25 BNB Invest Info Contract Telegram Dashboard Welcome BONUS 10.51 BNB Total Invested 0 BNB Total Withdrawal 0 BNB Total Referral Reward 0 BNB Withdraw Claim Bonus BNB Bonus BNB Refer 20 users to Claim Bonus BNB or Deposit 1 BNB (1 Account per IP address, no cheating) Your Referral Link: You will get your ref link after investing Copied successfully ! 1 LVL 0 referrals 25% Referral Rewards 2 LVL 0 referrals 8% Referral Rewards 3 LVL 0 referrals 5% Referral Rewards 4 LVL 0 referrals 3% Referral Rewards 5 LVL 0 referrals 1% Referral Rewards SECURITY Our smart contract is Verified. Verify Now Get Started 1 Create a Wallet Download MetaMask or TrustWallet and create a wallet. Add the Binance Smart Chain to your network-list.Guide here 2 Get BNB Buy BNB on an exchange (i.e. Binance). Transfer BNB to your wallet address. BEP-20 addresses start with a "0x" 3 Connect your Wallet At the top of the site, click "Connect wallet", confirm the action, after which you should see the numbers of your wallet 4 Make a deposit Click on the "Deposit" button. In the window that opens, enter the amount, click again on the "Deposit" button and confirm the action 5 Get dividends! You have successfully created a deposit! Now every second you will receive dividends that you can withdraw at any time by clicking on the "Withdraw" button © 2023 SharkBNB TM <!-- Smartcontract Faq FAQ How to participate in SharkBNB? SharkBNB operates on the Binance Smart Chain. In order to interact with the contract, you need to install the Metamask browser extension. An identical mobile application is also available for iPhone and Android users. How to invest in SharkBNB? Select the desired Deposit Period for your investment. Enter the amount of BNB you'd like to deposit. Click ‘Invest’. That's it. What is the difference between different Deposit Periods? The Deposit Period is 5 Days only. Can I make multiple deposits? Absolutely! There is no limit to the number of your deposits. Do you have a referral program? Yes, our referral program features 5 levels of referral rewards. For the friends that you invite, you receive a % of their deposits. Check the percentages for each level on our website. Date of Launch? July 19, 2023 NEW RULES ON SITE Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam OK ERROR! Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. OK WalletConnectScan with WalletConnect to connectWalletConnect二维码桌面使用兼容 WalletConnect 的钱包扫描二维码复制到剪贴板