 we’re using cookies! By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in out marketing efforts. Show details &gt; accept all Deny get your exclusive nft avatar Visit launchpad &gt; Visit launchpad &gt; By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in out marketing efforts. necessary Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. references Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. statistics Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Accept selected Accept all Deny Closed Alpha is live! participate in weekly tournaments for rewards. Join now About Shattering Hero Personalize Modes Worlds Features Roadmap whitepaper NFT MINT register now JOIN DISCORD about Shattering Hero Personalize Modes Worlds Features Roadmap whitepaper register now JOIN DISCORD grab your founder hero nft VISIT LAUNCHPAD &gt; VISIT LAUNCHPAD &gt; Shatterpoint is a Free-To-Play , FREE-TO-OWN Action RPG for mobile that features PVP &amp; PVE gameplay modes and an interactive, narrative-driven universe Be the first to play ! register FOR EARLY ACCESS now register now coming soon on Choose your battle Conquer Player versus Environment (PVE) campaigns &amp; skirmishes to gain the abilities, experience, equipment and power needed to defeat challenging bosses. Challenge Others Climb the leaderboards, claim victory in tournaments and take on your friends and enemies in Player versus Player (PVP)! Survive The Shattering The Shatterpoint universe goes through continuous cycles of destruction and rebirth, known as "The Shattering". Each cycle is represented as a season, with each season bringing new and exciting content, including new enemies, campaign modes to traverse, and bigger worlds to discover! Shattering effects: shatters Levels reset All Heroes reset to level 1 whilst NFT Heroes retain their unlocked traits. shatters Equipment loss The Shattering is so powerful that all equipment is reduced back into its core resources. shatterproof Runes &amp; resources All Runes and in-game resources earned during the previous season will be available in the new season. Unique traits Choose your hero Admiral Finlay Scofield Half-man, half-tree, Admiral Finlay Scofield is a space veteran whose nervous system has been hijacked by parasitic plant life, causing prophetic visions. 10 30 25 Sha Tu’szu This being of pure energy emerges as the Shattering approaches to hunt the monsters that also emerge, seeking an ever-lasting hunt. 25 15 20 Trevor A down-on-his-luck mercenary who stumbles upon the Orclop enclave of Regalia, Trevor is determined to utilize his change in fortune for prestige and wealth. 20 20 20 Baynite Once a mid-tier scavenger with visions of grandeur, through no fault of his own, Baynite has become an ax-wielding, armor-clad mercenary intent on survival. 15 20 25 Sheer-Ei Sheer-Ei is the genius behind teleportation. Unfortunately, her world Mulsegye has been overrun with evil fauna, before she can wield her new power she must destroy the hostile invaders. 28 15 17 Base stats Strength Agility Constitution Personalize your game experience Combine different equipment sets to customize your Hero to best fit your playstyle! abILITIES Multiple ways to play Campaign Complete the campaign and challenge powerful bosses across unique worlds Multiplayer PVP Challenge your friends and enemies in 1v1, 2v2 and 3v3 team deathmatch battles! Skirmish Pillage your way through worlds to acquire legendary loot and increase your power Adventure through different worlds Regalia Mulsegye Moltar Shatterpoint Shatterpoint Game-Changers Seasonal Content &amp; Resets Experience continuous new and exciting Seasonal content. They provide new challenges and exciting rewards only available that season. Daily &amp; Weekly Challenge Rewards Earn rewards, experience points, Quantus, and Equipment by hitting the top spots in our daily and weekly challenges and reward pools. Become an owner Climb the PvE and PvP leaderboards, as well as participate in Tournaments and Special Events and be rewarded with tradeable assets that have real-world value you truly own. In-game &amp; on-chain marketplace Buy, sell, trade, manage, and view transaction histories of your tradeable Heroes and Runes. roadmap Q2 2022 Shatterpoint is born Q3 2022 Whitepaper Release Q4 2022 Founder Hero NFT Collection Q1 2023 Closed Alpha Q2 2023 Open Beta (Limited regions) Q3 2023 Shatterpoint V1.0 Launch All gameplay modes Web Marketplace Launch Q4 2023 Shatterpoint V2.0 Launch Tournaments &amp; Events What’s next? ??? ??? ??? prepare for the battle Climb the PvP leaderboard, as well as participate in Tournaments and Special Events and be rewarded with tradeable assets that have real-world value you truly own. register now JOIN DISCORD Created by Shatterpoint is developed by Estoty - leading European mobile game studio and published by BlockGames - web3 native game publisher. About Shattering Hero Personalize Modes Worlds Features Roadmap OTHER Whitepaper NFT Mint Built on ©2022 shatterpoint. All rights reserved. privacy policy Terms of USE Shatterpoint Founder’s Collection Hero NFT Mint A unique limited collection of 5555 Founder NFTs Register here to be the first to get details about the upcoming mint! register Thanks for registering your interest in our free mint! Whilst you wait for details, check out what's happening: join discord Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 