 Verify with Kakao Klip Scan QR code with camera app or KakaoTalk code scan Verify with Kaikas Mobile Scan QR code or confirm processing with Kaikas app. INVENTORY REAL-WORLD META-LAND SHOP GAME ITEMS TOKENS (UPCOMING) RACING STATISTICS REVEAL DAO EARN VOTE GUIDEBOOK Connect to Metamask Connect to Kaikas Connect to Klip Connect to Neopin INVENTORY REAL-WORLD META-LAND SHOP GAME ITEMS TOKENS (Upcoming) RACING STATISTICS REVEAL DAO EARN VOTE GUIDE Klaytn Block Height #134427376 Sheepfarm is a Klaytn network-based service. if there is a delay in block synchronization, the site may be temporarily unavailable. PLAY GAME addClass "on-login" --> Connect to Metamask Connect to Kaikas Connect to Kaikas Mobile Connect to Klip Connect to Neopin PLAY GAME "The Legendary running sheep" Mallowbu is an island in Sugarland that is home to some of the friendliest people you'll ever meet. Every year for as long as anyone can remember, the locals of Mallowbu have gathered together to hold a modest racing event to determine who will be crowned ‘The Legendary Runner Sheep’. Now that the portal to Meta-land is open, they've decided to expand the ceremony so that everyone can take part in the excitement! The many charming villages in Sugarland, each with its own distinctive characteristics, will serve as inspiration for what will now become a regular event. Which sheep will earn the title of Legendary Runner? FEATURE Metaverse Pastures Metaverse Pastures Players start off by owning virtual pastures based on real-world environments. A single pasture can only accommodate a certain number of sheep. To extend their farms, players should buy or rent land from other players. Learn more Virtual Farming Virtual Farming To maximize their farm's earnings, players will require a variety of tools and installations. The items can be upgraded further during gameplay. The better the facilities on their farm, the more content their sheep will be. Learn more Collecting NFTs Collecting NFTs Through morphing, players can unlock over a hundred different types of sheep. Rare breeds produce more valuable wool, which can be traded at a higher price. Simply owning highly sought-after sheep would be of great value to NFT collectors. Learn more PvP Content PvP Content Players can compete against each other by entering tournaments. Rarer sheep will have a better chance of taking home the prize. Some players might prefer to bet on the sheep of other players rather than entering the contest themselves. Learn more FEATURE Metaverse Pastures Players start off by owning virtual pastures based on real-world environments. A single pasture can only accommodate a certain number of sheep. To extend their farms, players should buy or rent land from other players. Learn more Virtual Farming To maximize their farm's earnings, players will require a variety of tools and installations. The items can be upgraded further during gameplay. The better the facilities on their farm, the more content their sheep will be. Learn more Collecting NFTs Through morphing, players can unlock over a hundred different types of sheep. Rare breeds produce more valuable wool, which can be traded at a higher price. Simply owning highly sought-after sheep would be of great value to NFT collectors. Learn more PvP Content Players can compete against each other by entering tournaments. Rarer sheep will have a better chance of taking home the prize. Some players might prefer to bet on the sheep of other players rather than entering the contest themselves. Learn more TOKEN / NFT MARMALADE TOKEN Marmalade (MARD) token is the in-game utility token used and serves as the main economic unit in Sheepfarm in meta-land. The MARD supply can be regulated by in-game features that burn tokens continuously, promoting the ecosystem's overall growth. Sell Wool Raise sheep and shear their wool! Rare sheep breeds are known for producing high-valuable wool. The wool you sheared can be delivered to the village chief who will then reward you with MARD. Rent out sheep Instead of managing their NFTs personally, pasture or sheep owners can make a profit by renting them out. Users who are more interested in NFT investment rather than management may find this feature handy. Compete with others Take part in a friendly competition with other users. Because it is difficult to outperform other players, the prize will be substantial. Outstanding players can easily obtain MARD by participating in PvP content. NIGHTINGALE TOKEN NGIT is the governance token of meta-land. The token represents voting power in UCC polling and DAO gaming. NGIT has a fixed supply and will not be increased. UCC Polling Sheep will be released seasonally, and users will be able to submit direct designs and nominations for sheep to be released. The vote of the NGIT holders determines which sheep are chosen from the nominations. DAO Gaming User votes can influence a variety of aspects. For example, depending on the outcome of the vote, the weather could be either dry or rainy. Some sheep do well in dry weather, while others may be more productive in humid conditions. Defi Staking Holders of NGIT tokens are deemed to be making a contribution to the Sheepfarm ecosystem simply by holding their tokens. If you stake NGIT, you can receive MARD tokens as a reward. NFT MARKET You can easily trade game items with other users either within our local NFT marketplace or 3rd party marketplaces such as OpenSea, Rarible, SuperRare, etc. Sheep Farmers that sell the wool from their sheep can earn MARD tokens in exchange for their goods. The rarity rating of a sheep influences the value of the wool it produces, and in general, rarer sheep generate more valuable wool. Decorations Decor keeps sheep happy, which enhances their wool production while also allowing them to play with the many decorative pieces on the property. Make your sheep farm more attractive to ensure that your sheep stay comfortable and happy! Pastures Sheep farmers start off by owning virtual pastures based on real-world environments and at least one pasture is needed for gameplay. Players can raise sheep and use various items to decorate their pastures. BECOME A SHEEPSTER! Join with us to endorse, support, and engage with our community. APPLY NOW PARTNERS support@sheepfarm.io Copyright © Nightingale Interactive. All rights reserved. Report error Report error please describe what happened Cancel Submit 