 Whitepaper TOKEN SWAP How to play FAQ Blog LINKTREE The Most Rewarding Way To Shop Shopping = Spending Earning Feel the joy of token rewards from thousands of merchants worldwide. About us ShopNEXT is an innovative Web3 app that helps you make money as you shop. With just a single app, you can shop and earn token rewards up to 30% from thousands of merchants worldwide, whether online or offline. Our vision is to make the world of Web3 accessible to the masses through rewards that empowered by partnerships with Visa , Google Cloud and Binance Pay <!-- ShopNEXT is a Web3 Loyalty Platform powered by Visa and Binance Pay . We utilize card payment, NFT and gamification to invent the Shop-To-Earn model. that was promoted by Binance ShopNEXT allows users to earn token rewards from daily shopping while helping merchants grow their businesses. ShopNEXT token is a kind of loyalty point but the difference is that it is developed on blockchain and is exchangeable. --> WHITEPAPER How it works Users can link any VISA cards to ShopNEXT mobile app and start to earn token rewards by shopping at millions VISA supported merchants. There are also in-app gameplay and a marketplace of NFT cards, which are used to boost earnings. With ShopNEXT, everyone can shop, play and earn all at the same time. More details &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Link a Visa card All Visa cards are accepted. Link only once. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Select a merchant Select your favourite merchant and activate the deal. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pay with your card Shop and pay with the linked card at merchant as normal. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Earn token rewards You can earn token rewards right after payment. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Redeem rewards Accumulate tokens for rewards redemption. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Collect NFT cards You can earn to up to 4x more rewards if you own NFT cards. 1 2 3 4 5 6 Partners &amp; Vision Empowered by partnerships with Visa , Google Cloud and Binance Pay , we want to solve the Web3 mass adoption puzzle by creating a disruptive onboarding model that leverages the best of commerce, loyalty programs and blockchain. <!-- Roseon Finance is a mobile yield aggregator that manages your crypto + NFT portfolio and optimizes yield across DeFi and CeFi networks. They tackle the last major obstacle facing decentralized finance — mass adoption — by bringing the best of DeFi to the masses through an easy-to-use aggregator, wallet and swap application, that allows users to stake and yield farm. --> Millions of merchants accept VISA ShopNEXT Web3 Loyalty Platform supports most merchants that accept VISA card payments. We are working very hard with merchants to integrate deeper into their sales and marketing system to help them grow their businesses sustainably. Tokenomics We introduce the first Shop-To-Earn model that boosts the shopping experience to the next level.Dual token model plays a critical role in ShopNEXT ecosystem. While $STE is the reward token, $NEXT plays arole as the loyalty token. Both tokens have utilities. More details Loyalty Token Token Name NEXT Address 0xa6C59dE838F1eeb82d86F5AF0750f5F656439999 Blockchain BSC Token Type Loyalty Total Token Supply 100,000,000 Reward Token Token Name STE Address 0x36530092B1413C21Ab7E5203197cf76d4D598888 Blockchain BSC Token Type Reward Total Token Supply Unlimited Token Utilities Redeem NFT card To collect different NFT card categories and attributes Upgrade membership To enjoy countless exclusive benefits Purchase NFT card To earn more rewards and increase reward index Boost NFT card To increase the earning of an NFT card &nbsp; Recharge NFT card To recover the power of an NFT card &nbsp; <!-- Meet The Team LINH LE CEO Founder and CEO of Shopiness, 12+ years in ecommerce and digital marketing. Linkedin KHOA TRAN Strategy Head NTU, Singapore MIT Alliance, 5+ years in crypto community development and investment. Linkedin PHONG DINH Technology Head CTO of Shopiness, Engineering Manager at Be, NCT, 14+ years of relevant experience. Linkedin DUY NGUYEN Partnership Head 12-year experience in marketing and customer relations, 5+ years of crypto and stock trading. Linkedin ALLAN TA Advisor Founder and CEO of Roseon, 7+ years in crypto, marketing and business development. Linkedin NICOLE NGUYEN Advisor Cofounder of KryptoVietnam and Duelist King, Former Managing Director at Asia Blockchain Review. Linkedin MR. LEON TRUONG Advisor BOD of FPT Online, Sendo, FPT Telecom, Chairman of DTS (Digital Transformation for SMEs). MR. DUNG NGUYEN Advisor Vice Chairman of Vietnam E-commerce Association (VECOM), BOD at Yeah1 Group Corporation. --> How we sustain We are building a win-win collaboration among all parties and have 2 main revenue sources: + In-app engagement: transaction fee from the marketplace, NFT card boosting, recharging and redemption. + Sales commission: from merchants and card issuers. 100% profit from the sales commision will be sent to the EPR (External Profit Reserve) to back all STE tokens issued on the market to make sure every STE has an intrinsic value that is generated by our users through their shopping. Contact Us If you are interested please contact us. Success! Your message has been sent to us. Error! There was an error sending your message. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2021, ShopNEXT LLC - All rights reserved. hello@shopnext.io <a tabindex="0" href="javascript:;" data-bs-html="true" data-bs-container="body" data-bs-trigger="focus" data-bs-toggle="popover" data-bs-placement="top" data-bs-content=" Vietnam Global " data-bs-original-title="" title=""> <!-- Private Token Sale is coming soon! Apply to the whitelist to get notified Well received. We will contact you shortly! Error! There was an error sending your message. How much do you want to invest? Under $5k $5 - $25k $25 - $100k Over $100k This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. --> Version 2.0 will be available in Q4 In the mean time, you can try version 1.0 