 WORLD OF SIPHER F.A.Q NEWS COMICS GET $SIPHER STAKE DASHBOARD Ather welcome character-inu boosts guilds tokenomics testimonials backers sipher-team sipherians careers footer Your browser does not support the video tag. Alpha release - coming soon Sipher is a multiplayer looter shooter ARPG, set in a dream-like universe of alien worlds, vibrant characters, and dangerous mysteries. Embark on the saga of a virtual universe created by a god-like artificial intelligence, where the future of humanity has been reborn and must fight to explore and protect their new home. JOIN OUR COMMUNITY Your browser does not support the video tag. Alpha release - coming soon Sipher is a multiplayer looter shooter ARPG, set in a dream-like universe of alien worlds, vibrant characters, and dangerous mysteries. Embark on the saga of a virtual universe created by a god-like artificial intelligence, where the future of humanity has been reborn and must fight to explore and protect their new home. JOIN OUR COMMUNITY forge your own legends Explore, battle, and forge your future in Sipheria through the use of surrogates – digital lifeforms created in the image of transcripts from creatures from the old world. View on marketplace View on marketplace Loading... forge your own legends Explore, battle, and forge your future in Sipheria through the use of surrogates – digital lifeforms created in the image of transcripts from creatures from the old world. View on marketplace Loading... RECALL MEMORIES AS POWER BOOSTS Memories are stray bits of byte-code from earlier builds of reality and by accessing these elements Siphers can “recall” incredible powers within their weapons, equipment and bodies. RECALL MEMORIES AS POWER BOOSTS Memories are stray bits of byte-code from earlier builds of reality and by accessing these elements Siphers can “recall” incredible powers within their weapons, equipment and bodies. GUILDS Create your very own guild, choose an everlasting name, customize your guild emblem and much more to rewrite history in Sipheria! Join one of the most prestigious guilds fighting alongside your new brothers and sisters in guild wars and other guild activities to become one of the immortal Sipherian heroes! Player Driven Economy Sipherian Odyssey lets players buy, trade, acquire, and sell commodities and items as a core element of its gameplay. Each of Sipheria's multiple worlds has a unique distribution of limited resources, all of which can be gathered and utilized in deep crafting systems. You can consume resources you've gathered or bought from other players to craft equipment and sell the items you create to grow your fortune, allowing players to drive the state of the in-game economy. Michael Arrington Founder of Arrington Capital, TechCrunch We fundamentally believe in the passion and energy behind Tin and his team. Michael Arrington Founder of Arrington Capital, TechCrunch Jason Chapman Founder of Konvoy Ventures Tin and the whole Sipher team are helping pioneer a new wave within this social arena. Jason Chapman Founder of Konvoy Ventures Kyuntae Ethan Kim Co-Founder &amp; Managing Partner of Hashed They know the beauty of NFT/gaming combination and have plans to connect e-sports in their game eventually. Kyuntae Ethan Kim Co-Founder &amp; Managing Partner of Hashed Backers Your browser does not support the video tag. Sipher Team 160+ Sipherians 9 Countries 3 Offices Sipher And counting... Tin Nguyen Founder &amp; World Architect Hai Nguyen Art Director Nghia Nguyen Community - R&amp;D Director Justin Cohen Brand Marketing Director Thang Nguyen Game Product &amp; Publishing Director Loc Bui Game Engineer Director Minh Van Game Design Director &amp; Danang Manager Dinh Nguyen Data Director Victor Tran Founding Advisor Loi Luu Founding Advisor Sipher Team 160+ Sipherians 9 Countries 3 Offices Sipher And counting... Sipherians We are a passionate team who master their domain. We ❤️ team-oriented cultures, letting the best ideas win, and working incredibly hard to achieve our goals. We embrace creativity and fanatical problem-solving in order to create incredible outcomes. We're mostly based Ho Chi Minh, Danang, and Hanoi, but also have many international full time members. CAREERS We are a young and growing team, filled with energy and fueled by innovation. We embrace creativity and collaborative problem solving, we aim to create a culture where we grow as a team, let the best ideas win, work hard to achieve our goals, and create incredible outcomes. Do you have what it takes? Career opportunities GAME EXECUTIVE PRODUCER Director, Vacant FIND OUT MORE GAME UX DESIGNER Senior, Vacant FIND OUT MORE SMART CONTRACT DEVELOPER Senior, Vacant FIND OUT MORE undefined undefined CAREERS We are a young and growing team, filled with energy and fueled by innovation. We embrace creativity and collaborative problem solving, we aim to create a culture where we grow as a team, let the best ideas win, work hard to achieve our goals, and create incredible outcomes. Do you have what it takes Career opportunities GAME EXECUTIVE PRODUCER Director, Vacant FIND OUT MORE GAME UX DESIGNER Senior, Vacant FIND OUT MORE SMART CONTRACT DEVELOPER Senior, Vacant FIND OUT MORE undefined undefined WORLD OF SIPHER F.A.Q NEWS MEDIA KIT WALLPAPER COMICS GET $SIPHER STAKE DASHBOARD SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER REGISTER © 2023 Sipher. All rights reserved hello@atherlabs.com Terms &amp; Conditions hello@atherlabs.com Terms &amp; Conditions © 2023 Sipher. All rights reserved © 2023 Sipher. All rights reserved 