 Wallet Slavi Ecosystem Support Download Dapp Download Slavi Try ultimate DeFi wallet to manage you crypto assets Download Android APK Wallet Slavi Dapp Buy Crypto Stake &amp; Earn Exchange NFT Viewer Wallet Connect Assets Reward Campaign Banking Ecosystem Banking Stake SLV NFT Marketplace Teddyverse Staking SLV Slavi Academy Slavi Community Support Ultimate Multi-Chain DeFi Wallet Buy, sell, hold, exchange &amp; earn crypto, collect NFTs. Multi-chain DeFi crypto wallet with 30+ blockchains &amp; one-click access to Web 3.0, Play2Earn and NFT services. Audited by built on DeFi Essentials Hold, Send, Receive Slavi Wallet offers a versatile Multi-Crypto, Multi-Chain Wallet. Hold, send, receive, and manage your cryptocurrency portfolio across over 30 blockchain networks. Whether you import your existing wallets or create new ones, you gain the ability to manage all your crypto in one DeFi Dapp. Stop juggling different wallets for different coins. Decentralized Secured Anonymous Try Slavi Wallet Learn Crypto Management Buy Crypto Directly with 40+ Fiat Currencies Fiat-to-Crypto, Fast and Easy: Why leave the app when you can buy over 200 cryptocurrencies using 40 fiat currencies right from within Slavi Wallet? Instantly fill your wallet with your Visa or Mastercard, bank account, or Apple Pay directly to you DeFi wallet through&nbsp;Slavi DApp interface. Instant Deposit Visa/Mastercard support Visa/ Mastercard support Apple Pay Attractive Exchange rates Low Spread Get Slavi Dapp More about Fiat On-Ramp Swap &amp; Trade When you need to exchange tokens within the same network or across different networks, choose Slavi Wallet. Our Swap functionality allows you to seamlessly trade or exchange cryptocurrencies in a decentralized manner, benefiting from high liquidity and minimizing slippage. Moreover, it ensures secure transactions across a variety of networks. Swap Tokens in Dapp Learn about Swap Feature DeFi Earning DeFi Staking Maximize Your Earnings Effortlessly: Experience our advanced staking feature and turn your crypto holdings into a profit generating powerhouse. From holding to passive earning up to 20% APY for popular stablecoins USDT and USDC in Ethereum, BNB Smart Chain and Polygon blockchains. Stake in Slavi Wallet Explore Staking Benefits Reward Campaign Earning Use Slavi Dapp Grab Your Share of the $1,000,000 We’re kickstarting a colossal event where you stand to share in a reward pool of $1 million. All it takes is sharing your unique referral code, completing tasks, and gathering points. Deposit &amp; Hold Top up your balance and get points. More deposit means more points. 1000 pts for $1000 Buy Tokens Every time you buy tokens, you earn points. You'll receive 7 times the dollar amount of purchase in points. 700 pts for $100 Swap Every swap you make earns points equal to your trade's dollar value. 100 pts for $100 Stake Earn points by staking USDT, or USDC. The longer you stake, the more points you get. 100 pts for $100 Mint NFT Mint Slavi’s Anniversary NFT and get 2,000 points for each mint. 2000 pts + NFT Share your unique referral code with friends 100 Points + 10% Revenue Let them discover the outstanding benefits and features firsthand. 1 invited friend=100 points + 10% of the points earned by the referral. Start Collecting Rewards Explore Reward Program DeFi Pro NFT Viewer Manage &amp; track your NFTs across the multi-chain space with Slavi Wallet's NFT Viewer. Enjoy overview of all your NFTs across multiple blockchains, such as Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, Polygon, Andromeda Metis, and other compatible networks. The NFT Viewer ensures best rate NFT display, providing a seamless and comprehensive view of your valuable digital assets in one place. Import NFTs to Slavi Dapp Wallet Connect Experience simple, secure, and seamless Dapp interaction with the integrated Slavi Wallet Connect feature. Scan a QR code, connect, and you're all set! There's no need to manually enter private keys or compromise security. Gain secure and instant access to a plethora of DApps within a trusted environment, without the hassle of key entries or security risks. Grant authorization and dive instantly into the world of decentralized finance. Conduct transactions, access features, and manage assets with absolute ease. Connect Wallet Explore Wallet Connect DeFi Security Uncompromising Safeguard All blockchain security is in your hands and under your complete control. Learn the basics of Slavi Wallet security and explore decentralized applications in the right manner. Personal Control Your unique mnemonic phrase, passwords, and keys are generated directly on your device, giving you complete control. Only you own your access data. Restoring Power Your mnemonic backup phrase is your golden ticket, allowing you to restore your wallet and regain access to your assets in any other DApp with unparalleled simplicity. Anonymous No Accounts, No Verification, No KYC. Your funds remain solely under your uninterrupted control. No one can block your funds. Storage Protection Slavi's non-custodial wallet uses an Encryption Storage Mechanism, fortified with advanced cryptographic algorithms, to provide your data's safety on your device, effectively barring third-party access. With the decryption key as your exclusive pass, nobody else can control your crypto. Code Transparency See what makes our DApp wallet tick. Review our DApp wallet's open-source code on GitHub to understand the mechanism that keeps your assets safe. Review on Github Device Protection Slavi Wallet utilizes your device's integrated security features, such as PIN codes, passwords, fingerprints, and facial recognition, to safeguard access to the wallet DApp and encrypted data, ensuring only unauthorized users are unable to gain entry. Learn more Already use Web3 Wallet and Do not have Features you need? Already use Web3 Wallet and Do not have Features you need? Just Try Slavi and Benefit yourself Just Try Slavi and Benefit yourself 150k + Community Members 50k + Active Wallets 10k + Supported Assets 40 + Fiat Currencies on-ramp Move your DeFi Wallet Step-by-Step Tutorials The information provided on this website does not constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice and you should not treat any of the website's content as such. Slavi does not recommend that any cryptocurrency should be bought, sold, or held by you. Do conduct your own due diligence and consult your financial advisor before making any investment decisions. The SLV BEP-20 compatible token and exchange distribution is not available to U.S citizens, residents or entities and no information regarding the ongoing exchange distribution will be provides or discussed. UAB Slavi Development Corp | License no. 305979694 Slavi wallet Slavi Dapp Buy crypto with Card Stake &amp; Earn Exchange NFT Viewer Wallet Connect Assets Reward Campaign Slavi ecosystem Ecosystem Banking Stake SLV NFT Marketplace Teddyverse About White Paper Token Allocation Terms of Use Slavi Wallet Slavi Dapp Buy Crypto with Card Stake &amp; Earn Exchange NFT Viewer Wallet Connect Assets Reward Сampaign Slavi Ecosystem Ecosystem Banking Stake SLV NFT Marketplace Teddyverse about White Paper Token Allocation Terms of Use Support Slavi Academy Slavi Community Support Support Slavi academy Slavi Community Support contact us info@slavi.io © 2021 - 2023 by SLAVI 