 App SlimeV2 How it Works About Slime Tokenomics Roadmap Audit Contact Whitepaper Partners FAQ SLIME FINANCE More than yield farming! Slime Finance is an advanced profit-sharing DeFi protocol aiming to go multi-chain, consisting of our own Automated Market Maker, NFT marketplace, yield-optimising vaults and wide variety of pools and farms. Our end goal is to become the go-to multi-chain DeFi hub satisfying all your DeFi needs. Whitepaper Buy Slime now! How it works Slime Finance is an eye-catching and user friendly platform. You are able to swap currencies from your BSC wallet through our SlimeSwap AMM (Automated Market Maker) exchange, stake your funds into our pools or create liquidity pairs to stake in our farms. New features will be added to Slime Finance as we update our platform! Check out our roadmap for more details! Use app Safe &amp; Secure Our platform is protected by CloudFlare DDoS Protection and very secure audited Smart Contracts. Buy &amp; Sell Use our Automated Market Maker (SlimeSwap) for fast and easy transactions! Competitive Yielding Slime Finance prides itself with the percentage offered on our Yield Farms and investment services. What is Slime Slime Finance is a profit-sharing multi-product platform with a focus on sustainable yield. Staking SLIME earns you dividends, more SLIME or other tokens. Join the Slime Finance ecosystem in order to take advantage of our innovative features! Competitive yields, Synergetic AMM, Attractive LaunchPools, Dividends Read More about Slime Finance ABOUT SLIME FINANCE At Slime Finance we aim to excel and will unintentionally compete with the biggest competitors in DeFi as we expand on our products offered. We are able to offer sustainable competitive yield thanks to our conditional deflationary tokenomics and will continue to broaden our userbase through cross-chain integration. We currently offer a suite of products: Daily dividends, sustainable yield-farming, synergetic SlimeSwap AMM with multi-project benefit, governance, Slime lottery and launch pools providing a hedged portfolio. Differentiation is important for longetivity and sustainability and therefore we have differentiated ourselves from other AMMs with our mutually beneficial AMM pair-based Multi Treasury Fee Sharing model which enables sharing of trading fees on specific Liquidity Provider pairs (paired with SLIME) provided by the project choosing to list on SlimeSwap. At Slime Finance we believe sustainability requires focus on sustainable yield, a pleasant user experience and most importantly dividends distribution/profit-sharing. Hence, we have made it our priority to deliver on all three aspects: Implementing conditional deflation for sustainable yield, unique UI for a pleasant UX, and shareholders dividends distribution via staking and a NFT-based dividends distribution. Stake Slime to earn dividends, more Slime and other tokens. Why Slime Competitive Benefit Slime Finance is staying ahead of the game by offering its users an easy-to-use yet feature and product rich platform. DIVIDENDS MULTIPLE AUDITS ICO FAST TRANSACTIONS YIELD FARMING SLIMESWAP AMM Tokenomics SLME &amp; SLIME Slime V1 / SLME Our initial SLME(v1) token launched on February 25 2021 with great success, however, it was too prone to inflation. With that in mind the team and community got together to come to a solution to solve the inflation issue for the future. Thus, SLIME was reborn stronger and more durable with our innovative conditional deflationary model which conditionally burns SLIME on actions instead of the old traditional manual burn system. SlimeV1 has retired and all farming now uses SlimeV2. Slime V2 / SLIME Our upgraded and innovative native token with a strong deflationary mechanism, officially launched on 15 April 2021 shortly after implementing our Synergetic SlimeSwap Automated Market Maker, SLIME is the official and main token on our platform. Buy Slime V2 Go to Slime V2 Slime Finance UNIQUE FEATURES AMM Pair-based Multi Treasury Fee Sharing At Slime Finance we have implemented customisable AMM Fee sharing, with which we facilitate sharing of trading fees made on the mutual LP formed with the other project. This is mutually beneficial and provides additional sustainability and it promotes mutual growth of your project as well as ours. ALM (Automated Launchpool Maker) The Automated Launchpool Maker will allow anyone to make their own Launchpools in few simple steps! Functional NFTs for additional dividends distribution Slime Finance was among the fairest project launches in the cryptospace as it launched with a circulating supply of ZERO, which is quite unprecedented. We strive to give our community the highest level of fairness that a project can permit while maintaining positive fund generation to not only provide our users with the best sustainable yields but also generate development funds to develop the project further. We believe dividends / profit-sharing is an integral part of the fairness which is required in DAOs, hence we provide these benefits to users with SLIMEv2 stakes. A small dividends boost have also been given to our loyal Slime community that have migrated via the Vested Farming Swap for V1 to V2. This dividends boost is NFT-based and will not be excessive as we keep fairness at heart. Read more Referrals The referral system is our first and original feature in the DeFi space. Innovative Conditional deflation To tackle the inflation issue many currencies are facing including our previous version V1, we decided to launch a new tokenomics model: conditional deflation, which burns SLIME(v2) tokens on conditions or specific actions upon using SLIME, SLIME pairs or non-SLIME pairs. SLIME pairs refer to SLIME-BNB LP and SLIME-BUSD LP. Depending on where you perform actions with your SLIME or non-SLIME pairs, there will be differing burn rates which generally promote deflation in extra-platform use of SLIME or SLIME LPs and having less burns being applied when using SLIME or SLIME LPs on Slime Finance. Read more Harvest all in one transaction The harvest in one transaction is simply the most useful feature if you want to save a lot of gas fees while staking in multiple farms and pools. Roadmap Slime Timeline The potential implementations are ideas and mechanics that might be implemented on Slime Finance at some point. While not all features presented here might be available on our platform, we are working hard to deliver the best user experience possible. April roadmap Governance New Partnerships Hire Marketing Manager New V2 Launchpool May roadmap ✔️ New Farms and Pools V2 Lotto Auto-compounding vaults NFTs with a twist Launchpad June roadmap ✔️ New Farms and Pools NFT Marketplace Gamified prediction markets July - Agust roadmap More News Coming Soon Slime.Finance Security AUDITS PASSED PASSED COMING SOON PENDING Accepted / Stakeable Currency Tokens Contact Us Get in touch! Whether you are a community member wanting to send us a suggestion or a potential partner, don't hesitate to send a message. Partnership Collaborate with us! Fill Form Support Report any issues! Contact AMM FEES request MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL FEES! Fill Form Suggestions Tell us your ideas! Contact Download Whitepaper 2021 Slime Finance Whitepaper EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT OUR PLATFORM Download Now Our Partners Our SLIME Team Professional Experts We are proud of our great team ... In our team we have the most motivated, creative and enthusiastic people. Rimuro The Slime Founder, CEO &amp; Lead Developer Founder, CEO &amp; Lead Developer Rimuro The Slime Slime Finance was founded in February 2021 by Rimuro who is both CEO and lead developer. Rimuro has graduated from university with a bachelor degree as a Computer Engineer and is in process of pursing a Masters Degree. As of date has accumulated over 7 years of experience in the field, namely C#, Java, MySQL, MongoDB, DevOps as a few examples Community The best suggestions come from you! The best suggestions come from you! Community Our community is one of the driving forces behind the Slime Finance platform. Mysterious DEV Full stack developer Ateni Graphic Designer Johnnie Chief Organizing Officer (COO) &amp; CM <!--<div TEXT HERE Johnie TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE --> Ionut Chief Community Officer (CCO) &amp; Twitter Management Chief Community Officer (CCO) &amp; Twitter Management Ionut A relatively relaxed and chill guy, Psychology and Behavioural Sciences degree, over 10 years of experience in Community Management and proficient Translator/Proofreader. Likes to have a laugh and interact with the community as much as possible, he turns FUD into Praise by doing magic tricks with words. Renji the Slime Chief Partnerships Officer (CPO) &amp; CM Chief Partnerships Officer (CPO) &amp; CM Renji the Slime After having joined the crypto space in 2016, I’ve been learning about blockchain as well as the developments surrounding it. I was convinced that cryptocurrencies with decentralization at heart would be a prominent part of the worlds future economy and I still am. I have a bachelor degree in Basic Arts of Medicine and I’m currently in process of completing my masters degree. At Slime Finance I’m in charge of facilitating partnerships and I work as general and community manager. Steven Asia Community Manager <!--<div TEXT HERE Steven TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE TEXT HERE --> Lylypoof Full stack developer Full stack developer Lylypoof Hi! I'm a software developer, specialized in React + AWS. I've got at least 5 years of experience. I worked leading projects of digital transformation. Last year, I've expanded my knowledge with solidity and web3. I studied computer engineering. I have some courses in online marketing, web designing (UI/UX), and eCommerce. FAQs Frequently Asked Questions What is the difference between SLME and SLIME SLIME is our new and improved version of SLME, the improvements are the implementation of conditional deflation, dividends/profit-sharing, governance. Why can't I swap SLIME to another asset? Please set your sllippage at 3% as we have a conditional deflationary tokenomics model which burns more on sell orders. More FAQs coming soon More answers coming soon Social Media Links to Slime V2 APP SLime V2 BUY SLime V2 Slime V2 Pools Slime V2 Farms Slime V2 Launchpools Slime V2 Referrals Info Treasury transparency Conditional Deflationary Full Roadmap AMM Weekly Fireside Chat Automated Launchpool Maker SlimeFinance Copyright © 2021 All Rights Reserved. 