 Skip to content Smart Steem Increase In Popularity Menu Home x Close Menu Home Top 10 Bitcoin and Crypto Investing Sites and Exchanges December 24, 2022 Cryptocurrency , Investment The rise in the value of cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, Bitcoin, and Dogecoin have rapidly increased the popularity of cryptocurrency. Even though this popularity is impressive, more and more scams and fraudulent activities are spurring up in the market. But above all these confusions, many crypto platforms and exchanges make investing in cryptocurrencies simple and uncomplicated. There is a wide range of crypto investing sites and exchanges available in the market. But for beginners, this can be a confusing part. Here are the top 10 bitcoin crypto investing sites and exchanges that will be useful for investors. Coinbase Coinbase is the widely used and most popular cryptocurrency exchange mostly because the platform offers direct investment through USD. The platforms allow you to buy more than 30 coins and also reward interests and token rewards for different activities. Voyager Voyager is one of the pioneers in publicly traded exchanges and is highly platform. This platform is app-driven and also offers a commission-free trading system. Voyager provides support to all of the major cryptocurrencies and pays an interest competitive in the market. BlockFi BlockFi offers an opportunity to lend your crypto holdings and earn decent interest from them. You can also borrow cryptocurrencies instead of selling your assets. Uphold Uphold is an easy-to-use platform to trade multiple crypto assets. You just have to create an account and you are ready to start. You can trade DOGE, XRP, etc. Kraken Kraken offers a good selection of tokens and coins to invest and trade. Margin trading is also available in Kraken. As the platform is a real exchange it is not as easy to use as some other platforms. eToro eToro is widely popular both in the UK as well as all around Europe. Now, eToro is allowing trading in the United States as well. The platform offers a wide range of cryptocurrencies to buy and sell. The practice trading account of the platform offers a trial before you start trading. Bitcoin IRA Bitcoin IRA is quite different and allows you to exchange cryptocurrencies. You will have to pay taxes according to the gains you make by exchanging the currencies. Crypto.com Crypto.com is considered to be one of the fastest and largest growing exchanges with access to more than 90 tokens and coins worldwide. The exchanges are Hong Kong-based, but offer support to US-based customers. &nbsp;Binance &nbsp;Binance introduces you to some specific currencies like Neo or Cardano. It is not an easy-to-use platform but is a highly robust platform. They also have a mobile app. Hodlnaut Hodlnaut can be a good alternative to crypto trading . It is a lending and savings platform that targets bitcoins and some other stable crypto coins. You can earn about 7.46% for bitcoins 12.73% for USDC through the lending and savings options in the platform. The platform does not ask for a minimum balance and you can get $20 free if you can deposit an amount of $1,000. Bitcoin Revolution Bitcoin Revolution is a crypto trading software that facilitates automated trading using algorithms to scan markets. According to https://www.bitcoinrevolution.org/fr/ , it claims that it can help users achieve up to 60% in daily profits from trading cryptocurrency.&nbsp; Search Search Recent posts Top 10 Bitcoin and Crypto Investing Sites and Exchanges Fundraising Charity WordPress Theme 