 Company DApps Events Blog Launch DApps a SMART way to Swap Direct cross chain swapping without order books, deposits or coin wrapping. High Yield Annual Interest for RGP token holders and Liquidity Providers. Launch DApp Swap.Liquidity.Farm You have a wide range of functions to perfom with the SmartSwap, either swapping out tokens, providing liquidity or yield Farm. Swap To get leverage tokens to trade with, you need to have deposited a certain amount of tokens. So to get started, you go to the SmartSwap Dapp and deposit tokens in the desired token you would like to trade with. Launch DApp → Liquidity After depositing your trading token, you can now select a pair with said token and then set your spillage and leverage settings. You get up to 100x leverage for the amount of your deposited tokens for you to trade with. Launch DApp → Yield Farm When you trade with the leverage you earn more back. From your earning your leveraged tokens are automatically removed with interest and you get to keep more earnings. Launch DApp → Built across multiple platforms Built on Ethereum, Binance SmartChain, &amp; Polygon to give you the freedom to experience more inclusivity and an extra layer of security when using our platforms. Extra layer of security Easily exchange between your assets without giving control of your funds to anyone. Low transaction fees We offer you the best transaction experience with the lowest fees available. Speed of light Your transactions are processed at lightning-fast speed. SmartSwap BluePrints Swap Swap Auto Time Set Price Liquidity Add Liquidity Create Liquidity Pair Import Liquidity Pool Farm Liquidity Pools Staking Other Farms List your Project Legal Design Compliance Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Conditions Contact Twitter Telegram Medium Start your defi journey Build your defi portfolio with DApps that guarantee you fast transaction times, low transaction fees and the best user experience. Launch App DApps with the best experience and low fees. Products SmartSwap Gift DApp Autotrade SmartBid LaunchPad Company About us Road Map Partners Press Resources Support FAQs Blog Legal Design Compliance Private Policy Terms &amp; Conditions Anti-Money Laundering Policy 