 Snowball Earn The center for earning strategies on Avalanche Earn up to 4-digit APYs on your assets Deposit Now Learn More Axial The decentralized stableswap on Avalanche Earn competitive APRs on your pegged assets Provide Liquidity Learn More Teddy The decentralized borrowing protocol on Avalanche Borrow up to 11x on your AVAX, interest free Mint TSD Learn More Lava Free your AVAX while securing the Avalanche network Earn a competitive APR on your AVAX Coming Soon Learn More FiHub Earn to learn and take your DeFi stategies to the next level Start earning &amp; create custom strategies Coming Soon Learn More Earn Axial Lava Teddy Docs Community Discord Twitter Telegram Medium Github Snowball Venture Studio Join us in building the future of DeFi Click on a project image to learn more : Want to be our next venture project? Work with our multi-talented team to bring your project to reality in a decentralized environment. Apply Now xSNOB More than a governance token Voting power Platform revenue share Platform revenue share Boosted SNOB reward Boosted SNOB reward Venture projects' token share Take part in Snowball DAO Buy SNOB Stake SNOB The numbers speak for themselves Total revenue generated for users $15M+ Total TVL across projects $2.7M+ SNOB locked 62.57% # of governance proposals 27 Snowball Roadmap March 2021 Snowball Launch Emerging to bring DeFi to Avalanche, we launched our first product; Snowball Earn, the first auto-compounder in the ecosystem. September 2021 Axial Launch We brought Axial, a native and decentralized stableswap to Avalanche, as the first DAO launched by Snowball. December 2021 Teddy Acquisition As a DAO, we acquired Teddy, the borrowing protocol behind TSD, Avalanche’s best native crypto-backed stablecoin. May 2022 Lava Launch We are launching Lava, the most decentralized and robust liquid staking protocol on Avalanche. July 2022 FiHub Launch We are launching FiHub, the all-in-one platform to interact with all of DeFi on Avalanche; aggregating all we’ve learned so far and sharing it with our community. Why Snowball? › &nbsp;&nbsp;Building for the greater good DeFi is a revolutionary technology, so we made it our mission to build upon this new financial ecosystem to bring new tools to the masses; empowering as many users as possible. › &nbsp;&nbsp;A true community-driven DAO The vast majority of our core team comes from within the Avalanche community, and all our governance tasks place on-chain - with no team member owning a disproportional amount of voting power. › &nbsp;&nbsp;Projects that matter We vote on and choose to build dapps because they are necessary for the future of the space. From facilitating auto-compounding, to enabling cost-effective stable asset swaps or enabling liquid staking on Avalanche - we have build and will continue to build whatever DeFi users need the most. › &nbsp;&nbsp;A shared venture By joining us in our ventures, you receive through xSNOB a portion of all of Snowball’s revenue. Our DAO is a community and is meant to grow as one, not to simply accumulate a multi-billion dollar treasury and sit on it indefinitely. Learn More Our Community Snowball’s team is made up of over # members &amp; contributors from all over the world. 0xYeti Smart Contract Engineer Cryptogoddess Marketing Coordinator GuanabaNat Illustrator Dilaanys Illustrator Mar Illustrator Ncookie Technical Writer Luis Design Zacknistelrooy Business Development The Baked One Web Designer 8-Bit Giraffe Founder Big Wampa Founder Abominable Sasquatch Founder Jomari Core Strategist Jonas Software Engineer Saito Software Engineer Abbie Smart Contract Engineer Sanjeev Front-End Engineer Auroter Smart Contract Engineer Mohsen Front-End Engineer 0xYeti Smart Contract Engineer Cryptogoddess Marketing Coordinator GuanabaNat Illustrator Dilaanys Illustrator Mar Illustrator Ncookie Technical Writer Luis Design Zacknistelrooy Business Development The Baked One Web Designer 8-Bit Giraffe Founder Big Wampa Founder Abominable Sasquatch Founder Jomari Core Strategist Jonas Software Engineer Saito Software Engineer Abbie Smart Contract Engineer Sanjeev Front-End Engineer Auroter Smart Contract Engineer Mohsen Front-End Engineer 0xYeti Smart Contract Engineer Want to become a snowballer? Contribute Now : Our Partners We’ve partnered with some of the most respected protocols on Avalanche to bring you the most of what DeFi can offer. DeFi For Everyone Our in-depth educational content helps empowering everyday DeFi users DeFi University EX 272 - The Metaverse This course will cover some of these basics and more, such as: Defining the Metaverse Exploring What is Being Built Understanding How DeFi Fits Into the Metaverse Read More Snowball's DeFi University Access our whole collection of courses for free! Read More FN 106 - Gas Fees This course will cover the following regarding these fees: Defining Gas Fees Reasons for Gas Fees' Existence How Gas Fees Work Read More FN 205 - Bridges This course will cover the following regarding these: Defining Bridges Exploring Different Bridge Types Listing Popular Bridges Read More FN 209 - Avalanche This course will briefly cover the following: Avalanche's Infrastructure AVAX Tokenomics &amp; Utility Staking &amp; Consensus Mechanisms Scaling Solutions Read More EX 272 - The Metaverse This course will cover some of these basics and more, such as: Defining the Metaverse Exploring What is Being Built Understanding How DeFi Fits Into the Metaverse Read More Snowball's DeFi University Access our whole collection of courses for free! Read More FN 106 - Gas Fees This course will cover the following regarding these fees: Defining Gas Fees Reasons for Gas Fees' Existence How Gas Fees Work Read More FN 205 - Bridges This course will cover the following regarding these: Defining Bridges Exploring Different Bridge Types Listing Popular Bridges Read More FN 209 - Avalanche This course will briefly cover the following: Avalanche's Infrastructure AVAX Tokenomics &amp; Utility Staking &amp; Consensus Mechanisms Scaling Solutions Read More EX 272 - The Metaverse This course will cover some of these basics and more, such as: Defining the Metaverse Exploring What is Being Built Understanding How DeFi Fits Into the Metaverse Read More Snowball's DeFi University Access our whole collection of courses for free! Read More FN 106 - Gas Fees This course will cover the following regarding these fees: Defining Gas Fees Reasons for Gas Fees' Existence How Gas Fees Work Read More FN 205 - Bridges This course will cover the following regarding these: Defining Bridges Exploring Different Bridge Types Listing Popular Bridges Read More FN 209 - Avalanche This course will briefly cover the following: Avalanche's Infrastructure AVAX Tokenomics &amp; Utility Staking &amp; Consensus Mechanisms Scaling Solutions Read More EX 272 - The Metaverse This course will cover some of these basics and more, such as: Defining the Metaverse Exploring What is Being Built Understanding How DeFi Fits Into the Metaverse Read More Snowball's DeFi University Access our whole collection of courses for free! Read More FN 106 - Gas Fees This course will cover the following regarding these fees: Defining Gas Fees Reasons for Gas Fees' Existence How Gas Fees Work Read More FN 205 - Bridges This course will cover the following regarding these: Defining Bridges Exploring Different Bridge Types Listing Popular Bridges Read More Articles &amp; Tutorials Snowball joins the OpenSwap Bridge Founders Program We’re excited to announce that Snowball Venture Studio has joined the OpenSwap Bridge Founders Program, which will be initially introduced on the BNB Chain &amp; Avalanche Fuji Testnet. Read More April 1, 2022 Find more articles on Medium Announcements, guides, statistics &amp; much more! Read More How to Use Synapse Bridge This quick guide will get your tokens flowing from chain to chain by using Synapse Protocol. Read More April 8, 2022 Snowball Weekly Newsletter - 07/04/2022 After an exciting monthly community call, it is time to wrap up some of the events that took place this week for those unable to attend. Read More April 7, 2022 Snowball’s April Statistics Narrowly avoiding April Fool’s this time around, we are here to review some of the statistics regarding Snowball, our assets, and community over the last 30 days. Read More April 6, 2022 Snowball joins the OpenSwap Bridge Founders Program We’re excited to announce that Snowball Venture Studio has joined the OpenSwap Bridge Founders Program, which will be initially introduced on the BNB Chain &amp; Avalanche Fuji Testnet. Read More April 1, 2022 Find more articles on Medium Announcements, guides, statistics &amp; much more! Read More How to Use Synapse Bridge This quick guide will get your tokens flowing from chain to chain by using Synapse Protocol. Read More April 8, 2022 Snowball Weekly Newsletter - 07/04/2022 After an exciting monthly community call, it is time to wrap up some of the events that took place this week for those unable to attend. Read More April 7, 2022 Snowball’s April Statistics Narrowly avoiding April Fool’s this time around, we are here to review some of the statistics regarding Snowball, our assets, and community over the last 30 days. Read More April 6, 2022 Snowball joins the OpenSwap Bridge Founders Program We’re excited to announce that Snowball Venture Studio has joined the OpenSwap Bridge Founders Program, which will be initially introduced on the BNB Chain &amp; Avalanche Fuji Testnet. Read More April 1, 2022 Find more articles on Medium Announcements, guides, statistics &amp; much more! Read More How to Use Synapse Bridge This quick guide will get your tokens flowing from chain to chain by using Synapse Protocol. Read More April 8, 2022 Snowball Weekly Newsletter - 07/04/2022 After an exciting monthly community call, it is time to wrap up some of the events that took place this week for those unable to attend. Read More April 7, 2022 Snowball’s April Statistics Narrowly avoiding April Fool’s this time around, we are here to review some of the statistics regarding Snowball, our assets, and community over the last 30 days. Read More April 6, 2022 Snowball joins the OpenSwap Bridge Founders Program We’re excited to announce that Snowball Venture Studio has joined the OpenSwap Bridge Founders Program, which will be initially introduced on the BNB Chain &amp; Avalanche Fuji Testnet. Read More April 1, 2022 Find more articles on Medium Announcements, guides, statistics &amp; much more! Read More How to Use Synapse Bridge This quick guide will get your tokens flowing from chain to chain by using Synapse Protocol. Read More April 8, 2022 Snowball Weekly Newsletter - 07/04/2022 After an exciting monthly community call, it is time to wrap up some of the events that took place this week for those unable to attend. Read More April 7, 2022 Building the future of DeFi on Avalanche Apps Snowball Earn Axial Lava Teddy FiHub Resources Docs DeFi University Tutorials Github Social Discord Twitter Telegram Medium © 2022, Snowball Venture Studio - With ❤️ from The South Pole 