 Skip to main content Close Search Menu Home Roadmap Diamond Pass Gold Pass Spatial Gallery twitter discord Home Roadmap Diamond Pass Gold Pass Spatial Gallery Welcome to the Soldiers of the Metaverse. Everything in our ecosystem flows from owning a Genesis soldier. Your soldier will provide you access to our game currently in development. In addition, holding a soldier will also qualify you for future mints and exclusive in game assets. Our initial mint has sold out. To get your soldier check out our collection on open sea. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Meta Army THE FIRST ARMY OF THE METAVERSE IS HERE AND READY FOR BATTLE An exclusive blockchain collection of 7,500 full-body battle ready soldiers designed by a world class artist providing unparalleled utility. 7,500 Battle Ready Soldiers 12 Different Suits Meta Army THE FIRST ARMY OF THE METAVERSE IS HERE AND READY FOR BATTLE An exclusive blockchain collection of 7,500 full-body battle ready soldiers designed by a world class artist providing unparalleled utility. 7,500 Battle Ready Soldiers 12 Different Suits Our Core Suits Hitman Suit (Assasin &amp; Special Ops) Ultralight, specialized retro-suit manufactured by SOTM and awarded to select few operatives who have proven themselves in battle. It is the ultimate hallmark of respect in SOTM ranks. Despite their docile look, these specialized retro-suits are made of ultralight kevlar and carbon fibers providing protection comparable to a medium-armor combat exoskeleton while offering superior agility. Augmented with reality obfuscating camouflage capabilities, the suit can be equipped with the latest generation guided nano weaponry and electronic countermeasures. Hitman are typically deployed on locate &amp; eliminate mission types. Time Bender (Stealth Infiltrator) The Time Bender suit incorporates the latest quantum tech providing momentary shape-shift and warp capabilities making it an extraordinarily elusive target. These units are deployed predominantly in clandestine infiltration operations. Time Bender suits provide invaluable intelligence, interdiction and recovery capabilities. When you see a Time Bender, it’s the last thing you’ll see. Captain Midas (Breakthrough Infantry) Their characteristic spikes on the shoulder plates and helment instill awe and fear into their foes. Augmented leg servos provide superior weapon carrying capactiy and speed boost, allowing these soldiers to charge into battle with astonishing agility and wreck havoc upon the enemy lines. Led by the most distinguished officers Captain Midas teams are typically inserted to create breaches to be exploited by Battle Lion infantry. X-4 Dasher (Quick-Insertion Air Assault Infantry) Ultralight, slim body tight nanofiber armor of the X-4 Dasher air assault suit has been developed to maximize insertion speed and agility. Optimized for wing expansion support the Dashers show up announced, offering unmatched hit &amp; run and interdiction capabilities. Need to secure a critical target swiftly? Send in the Dashers. Borg (Sentinel Enforcer) The praetorian guard of the EDEN AI. These elite sentinels were tasked with protecting the AI mainframe core itself. These elite praetorian guard sentinels are typically tasked with protecting critical assets or assaulting critical targets. The Borg drone is a fully mechanical, unified exoskeleton equipped with a full range of medium to heavy weaponry and a full sensor, ECM, and ECCM cyber intrusion prevention suites. .The Borg is considered one with EDEN AI and has zero autonomy. It is literally a physical extension of the AI and takes no initiative unless commanded by EDEN. No Borg sentinel has ever been captured in battle, however, a few specimens have been recovered through subversive ops at the production facility itself. Battle Lion (Assault Infantry) Distinguished by their weavy helmet and armour embellishments Battlelions form the backbone of the assault legions. These cyborgs have been injected with lion dna to provide audio-visual superiority, increased agility and untamed aggression. Heavy armour and a wide range of weapon loadouts established the Lions as one of most versatile and reliable troops. These are no ordinary troopers, these are unstoppable armoured beasts. Silent Smoke (Shadow Ops) They do not have a face, they do not have a body, just a golden suit, they are the void. The Silent Smoke. Always everpresent in both the material and the immaterial. They reach into the other dimensions. Invisible, and ready. Pulga Protector (X-Project) The Pulga do not retreat. Once bound to a target they are its shield. Impervious. Indifferent. Do not be fooled by their apparent lack of armor. It is but a mirage. Their full capabilities have never been disclosed. Nor their true capacity. Atomic Storm (Specialized Heavy Weapons) The black titanium armor suit is a hallmark of the Atomic Storm troopers adept at providing long range and specialized arms support. Fitted with a state of the art micro-fission reactor provides superior power output ideally suited for super heavy weapon fitting of Quattro Cannons and Death Spider extensions. High Alert (Sentry &amp; Rapid Response) High Alert suits boast an extremely powerful sensor suite providing “trip wire” capabilities against surprise enemy intrusions. Very low energy requirements combined with high mobility offer unmatched operational readiness capacity. These specialized outfits are perfectly suited for sentry, reconnaissance, and rapid response duties, as they can detect and respond to a threat hotspot within a moment’s notice. Meta Soldier (Berserkers) These reckless brawlers charge into battle rampantby battle armour wearing helmets only. Most modern combat sensors are optimized to detect and identify a variety of alloy based armour types. While popular in the Battledrome arenas, exposed flesh is not common on the battlefield and can cause sensor overloads. The sight of naked flesh wrecks havoc amongst the most seasoned opposition. Dark Impaler (Executioner and Enforcement) Winning a battle is half the battle. Establishing control of captured territory is just as difficult. Security and counter-insurgency duties are provided by the Dark Impaler inquisitor force. When Battle Lions rest Dark Impalers feast. Subaqua (Marine Assault) The Subaqua is a unified, one-piece, fully submersible exoskeleton suit designed specifically for prolonged autonomous underwater operations. Ultra-lIght design with augmented joint servos promotes extreme underwater agility. Very low metal component, and zero-cavitation fully closed-circuit rebreather, offer unmatched stealth characteristics. Meet The Commander Vawk Company Commander Starting gaming system - Atari 2600 Favorite RPG - World of Warcraft Vawk has been gaming for 4 decades. From the original arcade games like Galaga &amp; Pac-Man, to final fantasy series &amp; world of Warcraft RPGs. FPS, TPS, strategy games were all a part of my entertainment. “Gaming has always been my passion since I was a child, now I am excited to bring my passion &amp; vision to the Soldiers of the Metaverse brand.” -Vawk OpenSea Rarity Tools Discord © Soldiers Of The Metaverse 2023 