 Beta Stake Liquidity Projects Whitepaper CRISP Connect Wallet All pools: CRISP-M CRISP-C CRISP scored Mangroves ( CRISP-M ) Support Mangrove Restoration. Earn Yield. Drive impact: Make the market for forward financing mangrove restoration projects through CRISP-M. Low volatility RWAs: You are exposed to the price of mangrove restoration carbon credits and USDC. Competitive incentives: You are rewarded with a high vAPR in CRISP-M and USDC tokens. No lockup: You can unstake or claim rewards at any time. Your tokens are yours. 14.31% vAPR 4.32% CRISP-M + 9.99% USDC *Risks apply. KYC required. Read details here . Connect Wallet Any swap transactions are orchestrated via 0x Protocol and Uniswap . Liquidity is maintained via Gamma Protocol . Solid World is not responsible for the performance of these systems. See Terms of Service for more details. CRISP-M Token Statistics See more statistics on Dune CRISP-M Price $30.33 Circulating Supply $614,223.47 DEX Trading Volume $90,152.92 CRISP-M Liquidity Pool Statistics See more statistics on Dune Pool Composition USDC 50.70% CRISP-M 49.30% 602,150.14 USDC 19,301.65 CRISP-M Total Value Staked $1,184,563.19 (39,121.76 CRISP-M LP Token) Trading range $18.85 – $48.05 CRISP-M is 1-1 backed Verra Mangrove Restoration prepaid carbon credits Mangroves are tropical coastal forests, known to be some of the most worthwhile ecosystem restoration sites. They have incredible co-benefits and their associated credits on Verra have a great track record in terms of demand from highly selective sustainability teams. Nature-based Carbon Removal These projects remove carbon from the atmosphere by sequestering it into the ecosystem. Increased Biodiversity Mangrove projects support extremely diverse ecosystems of flora and fauna found only in mangrove forests. Community Benefits These projects provide meaningful benefits to local communities economies, opportunities and safety. They even protect villages from hurricanes. Myanmar 1764 Ayeyarwady , Myanmar Myanmar 2088 Ayeyarwady , Myanmar Vlinder Papariko Kwale , Kenya Browse Projects How it works Learn more CRISP-M creates a market for prepaid Mangrove Restoration Carbon Credits Suppliers Suppliers deposit their forward carbon credits at a discount depending on how far they are from getting certified. They get to sell their CRISP-M tokens in the market for working capital. Learn more Distributors Buyers can use CRISP-M to redeem forward carbon credits, locking in supply from quality carbon projects that deliver real environmental, social and economic benefits to the world. Learn more Liquidity Providers Liquidity Providers collaboratively create the market that everyone can trade on, with each new liquidity provider making the market more efficient and robust, allowing for larger deals to be made. Learn more Risks mitigated by legal structure and CRISP framework Learn more Bankruptcy remote vehicle All the underlying assets are protected in bankruptcy remote vehicle, and you have a claim to these assets, which mitigates the downside. CRISP Framework We mitigate the risk of non-delivery of the underlying asset via our Al-enabled CRISP framework that rigorously rates and qualifies every project. All suppliers provide guaranteed and top delivery. All contracts are public. Market Exposure As a liquidity provider, you will maintain exposure to the carbon credits as an asset class. The public predictions on the carbon markets are that they will 10-50x by the end of the decade. Read more Security Audits All of Solid World’s production smart contracts which non-custodially handle transactions have been audited repeatedly by Dedaub, a well-respected blockchain security auditor. Our smart contracts and their audits are public . To learn about the CRISP framework and how we are mitigating risks, please see our risks outline page . Smart Contract Links We are leveraging blockchain to create significant transparency in the climate finance lifecycle. Here are the smart contract addresses for all related contracts. CRISP-M 0xEF6Ab48ef8dFe984FAB0d5c4cD6AFF2E54dfdA14 Hypervisor 0x4a39cBb8198376AB08c24e596fF5E668c3ca269E Uniswap Pool 0xc6832Ef0af793336aa44a936E54b992BfF47e7Cd Solid World Manager 0xe967aEBdbf137C2ddD4aaF076E87177c4EBEB851 Solid World Staking 0xaD7Ce5Cf8E594e1EFC6922Ab2c9F81d7a0E14337 Inventory Stake Liquidity Projects Helpdesk Terms Privacy Whitepaper Do you accept our Terms &amp; Conditions? Website Terms &amp; Conditions By accessing and using any of MTÜ Solid World DAO’s (registry code 80612616) (Solid World) websites located at https://www.solid.world/ or any alternative URL (collectively, Solid World Sites), a user of any of Solid World Site (User) agrees to be bound by these Solid World Website Terms and Conditions as well as any terms and conditions referenced on the respective Solid World Site and by all of the terms and conditions incorporated therein by reference (collectively, Website Terms &amp; Conditions). The Website Terms &amp; Conditions may be amended or updated at any time at the sole discretion of Solid World. The amended versions are considered effective as of the date and time published on the relevant Solid World Site. Solid World may provide the User with a summary of changes by email or otherwise or simply update the date at the top of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions. Any amendment or update to the Website Terms &amp; Conditions is considered effective regardless of whether the User is notified thereof. The User represents and warrants that they: (i) are not located, organized, or resident in a country that is subject to an embargo imposed by a government, union, or an intergovernmental organisation, including without limitation the United States of America, the United Kingdom, the European Union or any European Union member state, or the United Nations, or that has been designated by such parties as a “terrorist supporting” country; (ii) are not listed on any government, union, or intergovernmental organisation list of prohibited or restricted or sanctioned parties; and (iii) are not owned or controlled, directly or indirectly by any party described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this provision. If any applicable law, rule or regulation prohibits the User to access the Solid World Sites, the User may not access them. If the User nevertheless access or use the Solid World Sites, the User will still be bound to these Website Terms &amp; Conditions and has all the obligations, responsibilities and liabilities as if the User was eligible to do so. 1. Information on Solid World Protocol, risk management and other related information Any information provided on this Solid World Site or on other Solid World Sites is for informational purposes only. The User should not construe such information or other materials as legal, tax, investment, financial or other professional advice. Such information does not constitute a comprehensive or complete statement of the matters discussed or the law relating thereto. The services you may receive through the use of the Solid World Protocol (Services) do not constitute an offer to sell (or a solicitation of an offer to buy), or a promotion or recommendation of, any security, financial product or other investment vehicle or any trading strategy, and Solid World and its affiliates and information and service providers for the Services do not endorse, approve or otherwise express any opinion regarding any issuer, security, financial product or instrument or trading strategy. The Services are not, and are not intended to constitute, investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All information provided on this Solid World Site or other Solid World Sites is information of a general nature and does not address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. Solid World is not a fiduciary by virtue of any person’s use of or access to this Solid World Site or other Solid World Sites. The User alone assumes sole responsibility for evaluating the merits and risks associated with the use of any information provided on this Solid World Site or other Solid World Sites before making any decisions based on such information. The User will not hold Solid World or its affiliates liable for any possible claim for damage arising from any decision the User makes based on information provided on this Solid World Site or other Solid World Sites. With regard to any information provided on this Solid World Site or other Solid World Sites or any other public venues such as social media, which relates to Solid World, any of its affiliates, the Solid World Protocol or any other equivalent descriptor, Solid World makes the following representations and disclaimers: Solid World has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in the Solid World Sites are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement in the Website Terms &amp; Conditions, whether of facts or opinion; and Solid World is the original developer of the smart contracts, associated interfaces and other software constituting the Solid World Protocol (Code); and Solid World may open-source the Code in parts or in full in any way Solid World sees fit; and if Solid World decides to open-source the Code, it will be released ‘as is’, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement; and in no event is Solid World or the authors of the Code liable for any claim, damage or other liability, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the Code or the use of or other dealings in the Code; and Solid World is not going to establish or maintain a business relationship with any parties making use of the Code in a way that is not fully compliant with any applicable regulations, including financial and tax regulations; and notwithstanding any unintended vulnerabilities in the Code, with regard to which Solid World makes no warranties whatsoever, Solid World has not programmed any backdoors into the Code (or otherwise) through which Solid World would have the ability to influence the operation or use of the Code; and Solid World may continue pursuing academic and practical research in connection with the approach underpinning the Code, such as new forms of risk management. Such research is carried out independently from the Code already open-sourced into the public domain and may be released in a similar fashion once ready for further development or implementation by a suitable third party. In entering into the Website Terms &amp; Conditions, the User has not relied on, and the User will not have any right or remedy based on, any statement, representation, or warranty (whether made negligently or innocently), including conversations, discussions, presentations or announcements of any kind, whether through oral or electronic communication (including any communications on social media, which includes Telegram, WhatsApp, Facebook, and Twitter) or any whitepaper, etc., except those expressly set out in the relevant Website Terms &amp; Conditions. 2. Acceptable and prohibited conduct The User will use the Solid World Sites only for lawful purposes. In using the Solid World Sites, the User must not do any of the following: Post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Solid World Sites any materials that are or may be: (a) threatening, harassing, degrading, hateful or intimidating, or otherwise fail to respect the rights and dignity of others; (b) defamatory, libellous, fraudulent or otherwise tortious; (c) obscene, indecent, pornographic or otherwise objectionable; or (d) potentially harmful or invasive or intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment, such as a virus, worm, Trojan horse, Easter Egg, time bomb, spyware or other computer code, file or program (each, a Virus). Post, transmit, or otherwise make available through the Solid World Sites any material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary right, without the express prior written consent of the applicable owner. Use the Solid World Sites for any purpose that is fraudulent or otherwise tortious or unlawful. Interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Solid World Sites or the servers or networks used to make the Solid World Sites available, including by hacking or defacing any portion of any of the Solid World Sites; or violate any requirement, procedure or policy of such servers or networks. Create or share content without first obtaining any necessary permissions from third parties or otherwise use the Solid World Sites to post or transmit any information that the User does not have the right to provide; that would violate any applicable law; or that would violate, infringe or misappropriate any third party right or interest. Reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works of, sell, rent, lease, loan, timeshare, distribute or otherwise exploit any portion of (or any use of) the Solid World Sites except as expressly authorised herein, without Solid World’s express prior written consent. Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of any of the Solid World Sites, except where such restriction is expressly permitted by applicable law. Remove or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice on the Solid World Sites or content you access via the Solid World Sites. Frame or mirror any portion of the Solid World Sites, or otherwise incorporate any portion of the Solid World Sites into any product or service, without Solid World’s express prior written consent. Systematically download and store Solid World Sites’ content. Use any robot, spider, websites search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device to (a) retrieve, index, “scrape”, “data mine” or otherwise gather content from the Solid World Sites, (b) reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Solid World Sites, or (c) harvest or collect information about users of the Solid World Sites without Solid World’s express prior written consent. Token-associated rights and obligations None of the tokens issued in the Solid World ecosystem directly constitute ‘carbon credits’ and do not confer any direct right to make environmental claims to the token holders. No such claims should be made based on holding the tokens or even ‘burning’ them on the blockchain. Environmental benefits may be claimed only by exercising such rights with carbon credits originating from the relevant registry (ie an operational and secure electronic system approved, authorised or recognised by a Carbon Standard Body (eg Verra, Gold Standard) that allows for, among other things, the issuance, holding, cancelling or transferring of carbon credits in accordance with the rules of the Carbon Standard). The tokens offered by Solid World do not constitute ‘tokenized carbon credits’. The User has the following rights and obligations in relation to token types in the Solid World ecosystem. 3.1 Collateralized Basket Token (CBT) Can be exchanged for Forward Clips at exchange rates defined by the system. Obligation to reveal their identity to Solid World where Solid World demands this. Right to transact in these tokens with any other participant unless limited by law. Obligation not to use such tokens when transacting with any [insert list of illegal entities here] or engaging in any business activities in general in relation to such entities. Obligation to familiarize themselves with the materials constituting the tokens underlying CBT (ie Forward Clips). 3.2 Forward Clip (FC) Can be exchanged for associated CBTs at exchange rates defined by the system. Obligation to reveal their identity to Solid World where Solid World demands this. Can infer a right to request reassignment of a portion of the underlying contract if the following conditions are met: the entity is not sanctioned or operating from a sanctioned country, is not subject to export restrictions or to any other legal structure which limits the movement of contracts, assets or money to the entity; the entity has met Solid World’s KYB requirements; the entity has the means to receive any units which can result from the contract’s delivery (ie possesses a registry account); the entity is requesting assignment of more than 100 units at a time. Solid World makes no guarantees about being able to take delivery of less than 100 units from a supplier due to related overheads. If infrastructure exists to execute delivery without the supplier being directly involved, delivery may be possible, but no warranty is currently made. 3.3 Staking Right to deposit tokens as defined by a staking contract. Right to accumulate and redeem rewards as they are outlined by the mechanisms of a staking contract. Obligation to acknowledge that this is being done in a ‘non-custodial manner’, ie Solid World cannot be deemed the custodian of such assets. Obligation to reveal their identity to Solid World by means of a KYC/KYB process. Obligation to seek independent guidance for any tax matters arising out of receiving rewards. Any ‘vAPR’ cited by Solid World in any interface does not guarantee the yield being what is indicated by the number. The User agrees to carry out their own due diligence to understand what the vAPR consists of by reading the smart contracts. Solid World retains the right to ban access to staking on any grounds. Solid World does not possess the right to block withdrawals of the principal from the staking contract as the contracts operate on a non-custodial basis. 4. Legal requirements around provision of financial services in connection with crypto assets Some of the materials published by Solid World as open-source content on Solid World Sites or other public venues (Solid World Open-source Content) may include code which enables the users of such code to perform actions and provide services around crypto assets in a way where the rendering of those services requires one or multiple operating licences or regulated activity licences or authorizations in one or more jurisdictions in order to operate legally. Solid World strongly advises any potential users of the Solid World Open-source Content to seek legal, regulatory and tax advice before deploying or using any of them in providing relevant services, production or for testing purposes. The User acknowledges and agrees that the Solid World Open-source Content is provided ‘as is’, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. In no event shall Solid World or the authors of the Solid World Open-source Content be liable for any claim, damage or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the Solid World Open-source Content or the use of or other dealings in the Solid World Open-source Content. 5. Third-Party Content The Solid World Sites may contain links to websites and other materials made available by third parties (collectively, Third Party Content). If the User uses such functionality, the User is directing Solid World or its affiliate to access, route and transmit to the User the applicable Third Party Content. Third Party Content may be protected by applicable copyrights, database rights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. Nothing in the User’s use of the Solid World Sites or these Website Terms &amp; Conditions grants the User any right, title or interest in or to this Third Party Content except for the limited right to use the Solid World Sites as set out in these Website Terms &amp; Conditions. Solid World or its affiliates neither control nor endorse, nor are responsible for, any Third Party Content and Solid World makes no representations or warranties with respect to them. The availability of any Third Party Content through the Solid World Sites does not imply the endorsement of, or affiliation with, any provider of such websites or materials. The use of any Third Party Content is at the User’s own risk and is subject to any terms, conditions and policies applicable to them (such as terms of service or privacy policies of the providers of the Third Party Content). 6. Right to request information Before the User is able to enter into transactions with tokens in the Solid World ecosystem or at any time after the transaction, Solid World or its affiliate may (in their sole and absolute discretion): request the User to provide certain information and documentation for the purposes of satisfying any KYC/KYB or similar obligations as determined by Solid World or its affiliate; and determine that it is necessary to obtain certain other information about the User in order to comply with applicable laws in connection with the transactions in the Solid World ecosystem. The User agrees that they will, promptly upon the Solid World’s or its affiliate’s request, supply such information and documentation as may be reasonably requested in order for Solid World or its affiliate to: carry out, to Solid World or its affiliate satisfaction, all KYC/KYB and other similar checks as determined by Solid World or its affiliate; and ensure, to Solid World or its affiliate satisfaction, that Solid World or its affiliate have complied with all applicable laws in connection with the tokens. The User acknowledges and accepts that Solid World or its affiliate may, in their absolute discretion and without providing reasons, refuse or reject any transactions. 7. Solid World liability and warranty disclaimer, indemnification Solid World makes no representations or warranties about the Solid World Sites or the Code. The Solid World Sites, the Code and all information provided to the User via the Solid World Sites is provided “as is” and “as available”. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Solid World and its affiliates disclaim all express, implied, and statutory warranties with respect to the same, including without limitation any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, completeness, non-infringement, non-interference, error-free service, and uninterrupted service. Solid World neither represents nor warrants that the Solid World Sites, services and content provided through the Solid World Sites or the Code, or software or information downloaded from the Solid World Sites will be accurate, current, uninterrupted, error-free, omission-free, or free from viruses or other harmful components. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Solid World, its affiliates, suppliers and subcontractors will not be liable to the User under or in connection with any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions for lost profits or revenues, opportunity costs or indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages, even if (i) such lost profits or revenues, costs or damages are caused by action or omission on the part of Solid World; (ii) Solid World knew or should have known that such damages were possible but had not a reasonable way to prevent them; and (iii) direct damages do not satisfy a remedy. This limitation of liability does not apply to the User, in particular with regard to infringement of Solid World’s intellectual property rights by the User or indemnification obligations. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither Solid World nor its affiliates, suppliers, or subcontractors will be held liable to the User under or in connection with any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions for any direct damage caused by Solid World or its affiliates, suppliers, or subcontractors, regardless of whether the damage was caused by negligence or gross negligence. In any case and with respect to all kinds of losses, costs, and damages, Solid World’s or its affiliates’ liability in no event exceed 1,000 euros. No limitation of liability agreed in this section applies in case of intentional breach of obligations. Unless prohibited by applicable law, the User will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Solid World and its affiliates against any settlement amounts approved by the User and damages and costs finally awarded against the User and its affiliates by a court of competent jurisdiction in any formal legal proceedings brought by an unaffiliated third party before a court or government tribunal (including any appellate and cassation proceedings) to the extent arising from the User’s use of or access to this or any other Solid World Site. Solid World reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the User, and the User is not entitled in any event settle any matter without the written consent of Solid World. 8. No transfer of Intellectual Property The visual interfaces, graphics, design, systems, methods, information, computer code, software, services, ‘look and feel’, organization, a compilation of the content, code, data, and all other elements of any content provided on this or any other Solid World Site are protected by relevant intellectual property rights and applicable laws. All such intellectual property is the property of its owners or licensors, and all trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to their owners or licensors. Except as expressly set forth herein, the use of this or any other Solid World Site itself does not grant the User any ownership of or any other rights with respect to any content, code, data or other materials that the User may access on or through this or any other Solid World Site. Failure to comply with this representation and warranty constitutes an infringement that may result in the User’s civil or criminal liability. 9. Taxation The User is solely responsible for determining whether any action or transaction related to the Solid World Sites or the Code will give rise to any tax implications on the User’s part. The User is solely responsible for withholding, collecting, reporting, paying, settling and/or remitting any and all taxes to the appropriate tax authorities in such jurisdiction(s) in which the User may be liable to pay tax. Solid World and its affiliates are not responsible for withholding, collecting, reporting, paying, settling and/or remitting any taxes (including, but not limited to, any income, capital gains, sales, value added or similar tax) which may arise from the User’s actions or transactions under or in connection with these Website Terms &amp; Conditions, Solid World Sites or the Code. 10. Personal data Solid World cares about the User’s data privacy and security. To the extent the User does provide any personal data to Solid World, Solid World processes the personal data based on Solid World’s legitimate interest in offering products and services to the User, and Solid World retains any such personal data for as long as it is necessary for the performance of its obligations. Solid World manages any personal data provided by the User in accordance with the Solid World’s effective privacy policy available on Solid World Sites. 11. Solid World’s remedies Without limiting any of Solid World’s rights, Solid World may suspend, restrict or terminate the User’s use of the Solid World Sites, effective at any time, without notice to the User if: the operation or efficiency of the Solid World Sites or Solid World or any third party’s equipment or network is impaired by the User’s use of the Solid World Sites; Solid World have received a third party complaint which relates to the User’s use or misuse of the Solid World Sites; the User has been or is in breach of any term or condition of these Website Terms &amp; Conditions; the User uses any of Solid World Sites from a country sanctioned by the United Nations, the European Union or the United States of America; Solid World are required to do so for legal reasons; or Solid World have other valid reason to do so. Solid World will have no responsibility to notify any third party, including any third party providers of services, merchandise or information, of any suspension, restriction or termination of the User’s access to the Solid World Sites. Should Solid World suspend or terminate the User’s right to access or use the Solid World Site at any time for any reason set out in this section above, Solid World has no liability or obligation to the User. The User will not be entitled to any refund or other damages caused directly or indirectly by the suspension or termination. 12. General terms 12.1 Interpretation The word ‘including’ or any variation thereof as used in these Website Terms &amp; Conditions means ‘including, without limitation’ and should not be construed to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately following it. 12.2 Independent contractors Nothing in the Website Terms &amp; Conditions creates any form of partnership, joint venture or any other similar relationship between the User and Solid World and other individuals or entities involved in the development and deployment of the Code and the Solid World Sites. 12.3 Assignment The User may not assign or otherwise transfer the User’s rights and obligations under any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions without the prior written consent of Solid World. Solid World may, at its sole discretion, decide to retroactively accept or decline, in parts or in full, any assignment or transfer made in breach of this Section. At any time and without the need for the User’s consent, Solid World may assign any obligation or right hereunder or transfer any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions to any third party at Solid World’s sole discretion. All of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. The User may not merge any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions with any other agreements to which Solid World may be a party. 12.4 English language All notices given pursuant to the Website Terms &amp; Conditions must be in English. Translations of any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions into another language are for informational purposes only. If Solid World provides a translation of the English language version of any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions, the English version will prevail and control any conflict. 12.5 Notices to the User and Solid World Solid World may give any notice to the User under any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions by (i) posting a notice on any of the Solid World Sites; or (ii) sending a message to the email address associated with the User’s account on any of the Solid World Sites. Notices posted on Solid World Sites will be effective upon posting. Notices given by email will be effective once the email has been sent. It is the User’s responsibility to keep the User’s email address current. To give Solid World notice under the Website Terms &amp; Conditions, the User must contact Solid World at info@solid.world. Solid World may update the address for notices by posting a relevant notice on any of the Solid World Sites. Solid World may provide disclosures and notices required by law and other information to Users electronically by posting it on any of the Solid World Sites or send it to the email address that the User has given to Solid World. Electronic disclosures and notices have the same meaning and effect as if Solid World had provided the User with hard copies thereof. Such disclosures and notices are considered received by the User within 24 hours of the time posted to the Solid World Sites or within 24 hours of the time of sending an email message to the User unless Solid World receives notice that the email message was not delivered. 12.6 Feedback Solid World has not agreed to and does not agree to treat as confidential any Feedback (as defined below) that the User gives Solid World, and nothing in these Website Terms &amp; Conditions or in the parties’ dealings arising out of or related to the Solid World Sites will restrict Solid World’s right to use, profit from, disclose, publish, keep secret, or otherwise exploit Feedback, without compensating or crediting the User. Feedback will not be considered the User’s trade secret. (‘Feedback’ refers to any suggestion or idea for improving or otherwise modifying any of Solid World Sites or the Code.) 12.7 Severability If any portion of any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect, and Solid World will replace the invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable provision that achieves the original intent and economic effect of the relevant Website Terms &amp; Conditions. Some jurisdictions prohibit the disclaimer of certain warranties or conditions or the limitation of certain types of liability. In such circumstances, to the extent that such prohibitions prohibit any exclusions and limitations in these Website Terms &amp; Conditions, such exclusions and limitations will not apply to the User strictly to the extent necessary to make these Website Terms &amp; Conditions consistent with such prohibitions. 12.8 Force Majeure Solid World and its affiliates are not liable for any failure or delay in performance of an obligation under any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions where the failure or delay results from any cause beyond reasonable control, including acts of God, labour disputes or other industrial disturbances, electrical or power outages, utilities or other telecommunications failures, earthquakes, storms or other elements of nature, blockages, embargoes, riots, acts or orders of government, acts of terrorism or war. Force Majeure events include upgrades to the validation rules of a given blockchain network (eg a ‘hard fork’ or ‘soft fork’). 12.9 No implied waiver If the User does not comply with these Website Terms &amp; Conditions, and Solid World do not take action immediately, this does not mean Solid World are giving up any rights that Solid World may have (such as taking action in the future). 12.10 Limitation period Any cause of action the User may have with respect to these Website Terms &amp; Conditions or the Solid World Sites must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arose, or it will be barred. 12.11 Governing law The Website Terms &amp; Conditions and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to the Website Terms &amp; Conditions are governed by the laws of the Republic of Estonia, excluding the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods and the conflict of law rules of Estonian private international law. 12.12 Disputes All disputes, disagreements and claims arising from or in connection with the Website Terms &amp; Conditions or relating in any way to the User’s use of any of Solid World Site or Solid World services, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination thereof or any dispute regarding non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions, are solved amicably by way of negotiations between the parties. Failing agreement, the dispute, disagreement, or claim is resolved by the Arbitration Court of the Estonian Chamber of Commerce and Industry in accordance with its rules. The arbitral tribunal is composed of three arbitrators. The seat of arbitration is Tallinn, Estonia. The language of the arbitral proceedings is English. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Solid World and the User agree that Solid World may bring suit in any court of law to enjoin infringement or other violations or misuses of Solid World’s intellectual property rights. Any disputes that may arise beyond the scope of the arbitration provision will be exclusively resolved in Harju District Court in Tallinn, Estonia, as the court of first instance. The User and Solid World consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. The User hereby waives any objection which they may have at any time to the laying of venue of any proceedings as specified above, waives any claim that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such proceedings, that the arbitral tribunal specified above does not have any jurisdiction over the User. To the extent permissible by law, all claims must be brought in a party’s individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective action, or representative proceeding (collectively “class action”). The arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims or engage in any class action. The User acknowledges that, by agreeing to any of the Website Terms &amp; Conditions, each party waives the right to a trial by jury and the right to participate in a class action. I accept the use of cookies in this app I Accept Terms &amp; Conditions 