 SOMBRA NETWORK We create the content and craft the stories that ignite the imagination of a decentralized future. GET IN TOUCH Sins View Pokemon View Project Godjira View NFL View Paypal View Nars Meta View Services View About View NFT Market View Bonfire VFX View SMBR and Economics View Dark Paper View Cat Rescue View Discord View Latest News Previous August 1 , 2022 Official Mint Date and Details Sombra has announced a final date for our next mint! August 30th we will be minting! Each Genesis NFT will be .2 ETH and come with a varitey of loot boxes and accompanying rewards. These will be one of the last entry points for the SINS ecosystem We will have prizes again so stay tuned for the details! We will be announcing all the prices closer to the actual mint Read more on Medium... SOMBRA RECIEVES INVESTMENT Sombra Network, the web3 creation of Sombra Labs is going through impressive new changes. Sombra Labs and Network founder Brendan O’Neil has formed a new partnership with serial entrepreneur Glen Taylor, bringing big opportunities on the horizon to the web3 project. Glen founded, then grew to acquire one of the most successful global VFX studios, Taylor James. Since then he has been leading the shift in technology in the production space, unlocking the opportunities of web3, unreal technology and computer generated production for brands. His most recent venture is the newly formed creative technology collective AlongSide. AlongSide is a collective of creative businesses which are changing the world of production by bringing CG pipelines directly into brands' production approaches. Now he has invested in Sombra Network. Read more... SOMBRA NETWORK BSC MIGRATION 👋😈We have completed the migration. Again please note you need to add the new token on BSC 👉 0x16B3E050e9e2f0Ac4f1BEA1b3E4fdc43d7f062Dd All reflections accumulated after LP was removed due to other sales or the team removing the final amount possible with large sales so if your reflected amount is slightly different than you airdrop that is why. We are happy to supply an archive node or otherwise to inform appropriately if needed. Thank you again for the patience and we are excited for some new PR articles to come out in coming days. Check more... August 1 , 2022 Official Mint Date and Details Sombra has announced a final date for our next mint! August 30th we will be minting! Each Genesis NFT will be .2 ETH and come with a varitey of loot boxes and accompanying rewards. These will be one of the last entry points for the SINS ecosystem We will have prizes again so stay tuned for the details! We will be announcing all the prices closer to the actual mint Read more on Medium... SOMBRA RECIEVES INVESTMENT Sombra Network, the web3 creation of Sombra Labs is going through impressive new changes. Sombra Labs and Network founder Brendan O’Neil has formed a new partnership with serial entrepreneur Glen Taylor, bringing big opportunities on the horizon to the web3 project. Glen founded, then grew to acquire one of the most successful global VFX studios, Taylor James. Since then he has been leading the shift in technology in the production space, unlocking the opportunities of web3, unreal technology and computer generated production for brands. His most recent venture is the newly formed creative technology collective AlongSide. AlongSide is a collective of creative businesses which are changing the world of production by bringing CG pipelines directly into brands' production approaches. Now he has invested in Sombra Network. Read more... SOMBRA NETWORK BSC MIGRATION 👋😈We have completed the migration. Again please note you need to add the new token on BSC 👉 0x16B3E050e9e2f0Ac4f1BEA1b3E4fdc43d7f062Dd All reflections accumulated after LP was removed due to other sales or the team removing the final amount possible with large sales so if your reflected amount is slightly different than you airdrop that is why. We are happy to supply an archive node or otherwise to inform appropriately if needed. Thank you again for the patience and we are excited for some new PR articles to come out in coming days. Check more... August 1 , 2022 Official Mint Date and Details Sombra has announced a final date for our next mint! August 30th we will be minting! Each Genesis NFT will be .2 ETH and come with a varitey of loot boxes and accompanying rewards. These will be one of the last entry points for the SINS ecosystem We will have prizes again so stay tuned for the details! We will be announcing all the prices closer to the actual mint Read more on Medium... Next Partnerships SOCIAL Telegram Discord Medium Twitter Linkedin RESOURCES Dark Paper SMBR Market Sombra Law Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy GET SMBR GET SMBR Sombra's focus is solely on providing value and utility within the Sombra ecosystem around the SMBR token. Any purchases with speculative trading intent comes with its own risks and we do not recommend or condone purchases made for financial gain. We recommend you purchase SMBR for the sole purpose of enjoying our ecosystem and use for NFTs, storefront and other purchasable goods and game play. We do not and will not ever promise financial gains or indicate that you can profit from the SMBR token. Any indication from 3rd parties are strictly their opinions and the Sombra Team does not condone marketing or promotion on the basis of financial gain to the project or any individual. SOCIAL Telegram Discord Medium Twitter Linkedin RESOURCES Dark Paper SMBR Market Sombra Law Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy GET SMBR GET SMBR Sombra's focus is solely on providing value and utility within the Sombra ecosystem around the SMBR token. Any purchases with speculative trading intent comes with its own risks and we do not recommend or condone purchases made for financial gain. We recommend you purchase SMBR for the sole purpose of enjoying our ecosystem and use for NFTs, storefront and other purchasable goods and game play. We do not and will not ever promise financial gains or indicate that you can profit from the SMBR token. Any indication from 3rd parties are strictly their opinions and the Sombra Team does not condone marketing or promotion on the basis of financial gain to the project or any individual. / 