 Getting Started Somnium Map Developers News Log In Play now Open, Modular, Yours Next Generation Clarity and FOV in VR &amp; MR Learn More Reserve your spot Dual-lens aspheric modules, 35 PPD peak fidelity QLED Mini-Led Fast LCD2× 2880 x 2880 pixels Horizontal: 125°Vertical: 100° Ultraleap 170×170° FOV120Hz refresh rate 2× 12 Mpx 4056x3040FOV 125° × 100° 120Hz 1-point calibrationVR &amp; XR FOV rendering ModularHardware 3D PrintableHardware Built to Amaze &amp; Built to Last Enjoy the Visual Brilliance &amp; Modularity of the VR1 Headset QLED Display: Featuring a QLED Mini-Led Fast LCD with 2880 x 2880 per-eye resolution, our displays ensure vivid clarity. Boasting 210nit brightness and 20,000:1 (HDR) local dimming, they offer stunning contrast. Experience fluid visuals with a base 90Hz refresh rate, upgradeable to 120Hz and 144Hz. Our quality control process guarantees that every display is precisely calibrated and manually inspected for dead pixels or inconsistencies. Eye Tracking: Experience advanced, open-source eye tracking technology at 120Hz, allowing for single-point calibration. Benefit from VR &amp; XR foveated rendering, optimizing performance for where you're looking. Dive into gaze analysis and explore heat-map visualizations, enhancing your understanding of how you engage with the virtual world. REAL FOV: Unleash your VR field of view with a stunning 125° horizontal and 100° vertical immersion, allowing you to explore the virtual universe with unparalleled freedom. Experience a real and undistorted perspective, complemented by an amazing sweet spot and crystal-clear clarity. Whether you are using virtual monitors or simply immersing yourself in VR simulator experiences, the Somnium VR1 will be the perfect companion. Hand Tracking: Experience seamless VR &amp; MR interactions with Ultraleap® top-tier hand tracking technology. Boasting a broad 170×170° field of view and a swift refresh rate of 120Hz, it ensures that your hand gestures and movements translate into intuitive controls within the virtual domain. Harness this technology to craft next-generation interactions for your applications. Connect and Modify: Unlock the Full Potential of the VR1's High-end Specs and Modularity Connectivity: Embrace seamless connectivity through our all-in-one USB Type-C cable, a 6-meter (20 ft.) all-in-one hybrid marvel of Display Port, USB 3 Gen 2, and power functionality. Dive into native wired PC Mode, ensuring a lossless experience. And with native Steam VR &amp; OpenXR support, your compatibility knows no bounds. 3x USB-C 3.2 Gen2 Ports: Stay connected and expand your capabilities with 3× USB-C (3.2 Gen2) ports, each delivering 10 Gbps for seamless integration of external accessories. Additionally, enjoy audio versatility with a 3.5 mm headphone jack for immersive sound experiences. Mixed Reality: Step into a mixed reality realm with the power of 2× 12 Mpx path-through cameras, offering a high-resolution of 4056x3040 pixels. Utilize foveated transport for efficient data transmission and performance. Enjoy a field of view (FOV) spanning 125° horizontally and 100° vertically, providing an uncompromized window to the world around you. Anchor Points: Elevate your virtual experience with 4 modular and customizable anchor points. These 3D printable anchor points offer personalized attachments for accessories, secured by M2.5 imbus flat head screws for reliable stability. Get to know the main VR1 variants: Choose from the 4 main variants, or mix and match any combination of those modules Just a VR Headset: Step into the mesmerizing world of virtual reality with the VR1 headset. Elevate your entertainment experience, basking in vivid visuals and a vast field of view, courtesy of a unique dual-aspheric lens setup for each eye. Discover Virtual Reality with the sleekest incarnation of the Somnium VR1 headset, characterized by its minimalistic design and light weight. VR HeadsetEye Tracking: Experience a revolution in virtual reality with the VR1 headset featuring cutting-edge eye tracking technology. As your gaze meets technology, a new world of enhanced performance and interactivity unfolds. Your eyes guide your interactions, making every moment natural and intuitive. Prepare to be amazed by top-tier performance and unparalleled visuals, made possible by foveated rendering. VR HeadsetEye &amp; Hand Tracking: Unlock the true potential of virtual reality with the VR1 headset that combines eye and hand tracking technologies. Your interactions become seamless and immersive as your hands and gaze merge in the virtual realm. With the power of your hands and the precision of your gaze, you'll navigate, create, and engage like never before. VR HeadsetEye &amp; Hand TrackingMixed Reality Cameras: Meet the ultimate VR1 headset, featuring eye and hand tracking, mixed reality cameras accompanied with stunning visuals and field of view! This advanced combination delivers an absolute pinnacle of VR hardware available today. Future-proof your development and gaming endeavors with the most advanced and open PCVR headset on the market. Reserve your spot, secure your VR1 headset: Secure your spot for the early future sale and enjoy a minimum of 24 - 48 hours head start in reserving the VR1 headset, getting ahead of those who haven't registered. By reserving your spot, you'll ensure a place in the first production batch. Additionally, the quickest people to reserve will receive exclusive gifts and perks. Phone Shipping Country* Quantity* Confirm My Email To confirm your authenticity, we kindly ask you to verify your email using the code that you will receive once you click "Confirm My Email" button. 0/500 Please leave a comment in case you have a special request or comment for your order. Select Your Preferred Somnium VR1 Variant* VR Headset VR Headset + Eye Tracking VR Headset + Eye Tracking&amp; Hand Tracking VR + Eye &amp; Hand TrackingMixed Reality Cameras Reserve your spot I accept Somnium Space Privacy Policy © 2023 by Somnium Space LTD. Somnium Space and Somnium Space Logo are trademarks of Somnium Space LTD. Get Somnium Events Partners Support FAQ Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Download Somnium Launcher Launch Somnium Web Client 