 Connect Wallet Home GamePlay Presale White Paper Roadmap Social Contracts Dashboard Connect Wallet Put your footprint in Space Six As part of the SpaceSix ecosystem, our competent developers designed this "Explore-to-Earn" game to provide multiple methods of earning in addition to entertaining and providing you with endless hours of fun. Buy NFT Play Game Comming Soon... New NFT's The spaceships have arrived. Choose your spaceship now ! Lets join pre sale NFTs on Marketplace We are bringing this project to a level of excellence that a cool feature will be released where players will be able to avail of quality and highly valued NFTs. Please participate in our Presale and be our Pioneer. Lands Spaceships Trinity (Advance) This spaceship, Trinity, an Advanced spaceship, is easy to obtain through airdrops. Besides the steel design that will be damaged by your first mistake, your driving should be very good with this spacecraft; don't be upset every time it gets damaged. You can fix it. Level 1 Fuel tank 1/2 Health 1 Planets can ride Vega Count 1218 Show Marketplace 1 2 3 4 Follow us on Social Media Upcoming Events Enjoy What SpaceSix Has to Offer. We Have a Variety of Events, from Staking NFTs to Airdropping for Every Player in the Universe! Check Out Our Upcoming Events. Game play teaser Ready to watch our new gameplay teaser? in the upcoming quarter, we will be holding a great event where you can watch our new gameplay teaser and discover the different parts of the game. NFT Boxes Airdrops of NFT boxes will be conducted for all loyal community members to accumulate. These NFT boxes are spaceships or spaceships segments and will be given to active participants in promotions. Biggest Airdrop The biggest airdrop event will be held in the biggest defi platform dapp radar.Don't miss out on our upcoming Dapp radar airdrop and be one of our lucky winners. NFTs For Spaceships Segments It is anticipated that we will launch our new Spaceship segment NFTs, soon. Our willing users can purchase them from the marketplace. space - six Partners Space Six RoadMap Wondering what we're up to? Our primary focus at the moment is on the presale launch and staking program in the following year, which starts in 2021. In 2023, SpaceSix will undergo significant upgrades. SpaceSix's alpha version is scheduled for release on December 2023, and its beta version is scheduled for launch on March 2023. Apr / Jun Reasearch &amp; Economy design Jul / Aug Develop site Pre-sale contract Develop platform and marketplace Design NFT (Lands &amp; Planet) Sep / Oct Site and public pre-sale launch Staking platform for lands and planets Airdrop phase 1 White paper release Nov / Dec NFT Pre-sale phase 2 Lunch pad listing Multi-chain NFT and payment (on BSC &amp; Polygon) Jan / Mar Alpha version game release part 1 (Build &amp; and preparation for explore) Open marketplace for trading NFT Animation &amp; 3D planet on market place White paper update Roadmap update Application platform for Android IOS Mac Windows Apr / Jun Alpha version explore release part 2 (start Explore to earn) Beta version part 1 Rent contract on Lands Renting section on marketplace Opensea listing Airdrop Jul / Sep AR technology &amp; 3D sound on game Battle arena mode (Alpha version) Leaderboard New Metaverse game mode (Alpha) New planet release on market place Pre-sale lands phase 3 (New NFT) Oct / Dec New Metaverse game mode (Alpha) Developing VR system New game mode Roadmap updating Next WE, as a company, strive to build a trustworthy, reliable, and transparent system, and YOU, as our players feel confident that our system is safe and secure. A fast-growing and developing SpaceSix Community is on its way to achieving its mission and vision. Quick Access Home GamePlay Market Place White Paper Roadmap Social © 2022 Copyright: Space Six 