 Do you already have a horse? Yes No Email* I do not wish to be contacted by email to play on Stables. Already have an account? Login Thank you! To play, you must have at least one horse in your stable. Currently, all our horses have been sold on Stables. We will reach out to you for the next mint in a few weeks, but you can also join the adventure now through the secondary market. Buy a horse Commencer à jouer Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Roadmap FAQ Litepaper Blog FR FR Login Sign-up FR Login Sign-up MASTER THE RACETRACK Your favorite horse evokes a wave of emotions as it approaches the final turn of the race, and the hope of victory awakens within you. Did you think that such sensations were only reserved for racetracks? Stables is here to let you experience the thrill, wherever you are. Join Stables Commencer à jouer - Get your first horse now and join the race - Get your first horse now and join the race - Get your first horse now and join the race - Get your first horse now and join the race OWN PLAY THRILL A matchless gaming adventure Stables is the first game universe based on real horses, combining the thrill of horse racing with the boundless potential of Web3. Join an immersive and captivating experience, and accumulate S-Points based on your horse's real-life and in-game performance! Become the virtual owner of a real racehorse Stables is a horse racing Fantasy Game where each NFT is linked to a real racehorse. With the unique characteristics of your horse, reign over a world where reality gallops alongside the virtual. Challenge the best players in the community Stables uses data and statistics from real races to establish the game conditions. Face off against other players, make the right decisions, and immerse yourself in the intensity of the races. Earn rewards based on your performance Immerse yourself in a community of enthusiasts where everyone dreams of the first place. Your performances will reward you with gains in the game and in reality. Supported by Who will be your next champion? + 35k RACERS ‍ + 6.66k SOLD&nbsp;NFTs + 40 TEAM&nbsp;MEMBERS May the best win Join the peloton and get ready to make the right choices to take your horses to the top. In Equiverse, your strategic sense will be your best ally. Take the reins of your stable and become the master of your destiny. Victory is within reach, it's waiting for you. Discover the Stables universe The story behind Stables 2022 BIRTH OF STABLES A new game to propel horse racing into Web3 T1 2023 WHITELIST OPENING The community is very enthusiastic and more than 5000 people have joined the whitelist T1&nbsp;2023 FIRST GENERATION NFT DROP A huge success: 6666 NFTs were sold in just three days T2/T3 2023 FIRST RELEASE OF THE GAME More than 80% of the community played the first races T4 2023 SECOND GENERATION NFT DROP New horses ready to hit the track, along with new pricing options Seen in the press such as Our team Constantin Garreau Strategy &amp; Management Clémence Desneiges Operations William Genis Operations Renaud El Ghozi Head of product Elliot Collignon Marketing Alexis Laporte Product Expert Patrick Amiel Entrepreneurship Expert Axel Parmentier Mathematical Expert David Patiashvili Development Jérémy Coste Community Alexandra Vidal Growth Marketing Gaetan Habouzit Partnerships Alexandra El Hachem Gaming Caroline Autellet Product Management Sébastien Ohleyer Data Scientist Grégoire de Framond Game Designer Sylvain Willekens Game Designer Jeremy Coleman Front-End Developer Théophile Batoz Back-End Developer Jérémy Alleaume UX Designer Antoni Istasse Discord Moderator FAQ Who's behind stables? A dedicated team of professionals combining web3 builders, entrepreneurs &amp; equestrian experts. Stables is proud to be supported by PMU, one of the leading horse race betting companies globally, in partnership with 321founded, the first corporate startup studio in France. Which blockchain is the project based on? Stables has partnered with Tezos to offer a secure and energy efficient blockchain.Tezos is a perennial blockchain, it is not volatile compared to other chains that have a sudden popularity and then fade away. It is also a scalable blockchain, it is updated every 6 months, since 2018, unlike all others. Managing a Tezos wallet like Temple is as easy as a Metamask, and very soon it is possible that Tezos will become compatible with Ethereum and Metamask (the update is ready, it has to be voted by the Tezos community). When did the first drop take place and how did it go? The first drop took place from 27 March to 30 March and was a great success. A total of 6666 NFTs were sold in 72 hours, each for 93 tez (equivalent to €99). Is the game already available? Yes, the inaugural race took place on 27 June. It was a great success, with over 5,500 horses competing in the equiverse. Which wallet should I use? You’ll need a Tezos wallet to get started. Here is a non-exhaustive list of Tezos wallets available: 1. Kukai - https://wallet.kukai.app (desktop) 2. Temple - h ttps://templewallet.com (desktop + mobile) 3. AirGap - https://airgap.it (desktop + mobile) 4. Umami - https://umamiwallet.com (desktop) 5. Spire - https://spirewallet.com (desktop) How do I buy an NFT Stables? Until the next drop, NFTs can be bought on the secondary market. Need assistance? Join our community of Racers and start engaging with your future opponents. Join our Discord START THE RACE WITH US Join a community of enthusiasts now and let yourself be carried away by the adrenaline of horse racing! Begin the Adventure © Copyright 2023. Stables Legal notice Terms Privacy notice Cookies 