 Stackswap Cross-chain Swap Pool Farm Stake More More from Stackswap Launchpad Launch and operate your own coin on the Stacks network NFT Vault [Legacy version] PoxL-Mining [Legacy version] Discord Twitter Telegram Medium Contact Connect #null STSW Price Network Platform Pair Price Volume (24H) 24H Bridge Market Market STX Project Token List # Project Price Circulation Market Cap 24H External Swap Swap Swap Empowering Defi Users with Permissionless Tools on Bitcoin Swap Swap your tokens for other tokens available in our pools. Learn More Launch Swap Launchpad Create a token, liquidity pool, or Group Farm code-free and in minutes. Learn More Launch Launchpad Group Farm Earn tokens for locking in your LP tokens to support liquidity. Learn More Launch Group Farm Pool Create or add to liquidity pools to earn LP tokens and transaction fees. Learn More Launch Pool Read Docs and more infos Investors and Partners View Audit Full Reports Explore GitHub and smart contracts We're Here to Help One landing page isn't enough to answer all your questions! If you have any questions, get in touch. Ask on Our Discord Frequently Asked Questions Why Stacks? Stacks is the only current protocol that is native to Bitcoin. It is driven by the much more economical proof-of-transfer (PoX) consensus mechanism, and by building on Bitcoin, allows us to inherit and take advantage of the security of Bitcoin. Using the Stacks protocol, Bitcoin can expand to utilize scalable transactions and general-purpose smart contracts. What does permissionless mean? Permissionless means that there are no hurdles to jump in terms of receiving permission or approval to use Stackswap and its products. For example, anyone can create a token on our Token Launchpad, without Stackswap's permission. Other exchanges will require their express permission to create tokens or pools. How can I get Stacks? The native token for Stacks (STX) is available on several centralized exchanges. Users on Stacks require STX to send transactions through, as well as other functions on the Stacks blockchain. For the full list, see https://www.hiro.so/explore/get-stx. What wallet do I need? Currently, we support Hiro Wallet and Xverse Wallet for mobile users. To use Hiro Wallet on Stackswap, you will need to install the web extension for your browser. Currently, Hiro Wallet Web Extension is available on Chrome, Firefox, and Brave. For mobile devices, we support Xverse Wallet, available on any mobile app store. How does Stackswap use artificial intelligence? Stackswap's founding team members have been the researchers on cutting-edge artificial intelligence technology, outperforming AI models from Samsung and Google. The team plans to take advantage of AI to further enhance the performance of the platform for the users, in terms of user activity, community management, and token demand and supply. Can I cancel my trades? Trades cannot be cancelled once they have been submitted to the Stacks blockchain. If you have created a trade that will fail on any given condition, no changes will be made to your wallet balance other than the transaction fee. Please make sure to double-check your transactions when the Hiro Wallet extension pops up. About Stackswap Stackswap brings the power of Artificial Intelligence onto Defi on Bitcoin, via Stacks. Projects and entrepreneurs can create their tokenized projects in minutes without requiring any coding knowledge. This also allows existing Web 2.0 projects to revolutionize their business model into a Web 3.0 model. The tokens gain instant visibility on Stackswap’s front page and token list, increasing the marketability of each project. Holders of Stackswap tokens and NFTs gain access to the platform's AI features developed from cutting edge research by the founders. Recent Articles --/--/--/ LOADING.... © Stackswap 2022 Disclaimer Contact 