 ↧&nbsp;&nbsp;pull to refresh&nbsp;&nbsp;↧ STARWIN Start What are you waiting for? Start your journey to fame and fortune on our esports battlefield! Join Now! Play to earn e-sports platform Crypto games based on SOL Join Now! Pay SOL to enter the tournaments and play as many times as you want! Your prizes are determined by your best achievement! Improve your highest score and claim the rewards you deserve. Join Now! What are you waiting for? Start your journey to fame and fortune on our esports battlefield! Join Now! Play to earn e-sports platform Crypto games based on SOL Join Now! CS:GO Element blocks Bubble Woods Neon swing FAQ How to earn? There are 3 ways to earn: Win in paid matches , after the victory the contributions of all participants are distributed among the winners. Become the best player of the week , in this event all players participate, including those who play in free matches. Share your referral link and receive a percentage of our commission from the winnings of the invited user. How much will I earn per match? Win calculator The amount of winnings depends on: 1. Number of players at the match 2. Ticket price Ticket price (SOL)  * Ticket price (SOL) * Number of players  * Number of players * Calculate Rank Win (SOL) 1 2.48749 2 1.6375 3 0.2125 4 0.1275 5 0.085 How to withdraw SOL? You need to click on the wallet icon and select 'withdrawal', then enter your wallet address and the withdrawal amount. How to top up SOL? You need to click on the wallet icon, in the 'top up' tab copy your address and transfer SOL to it from any crypto exchange or wallet. How to get into 'Week Winners'? You need to score the highest points in the game among all players in a week. Payments to the winners are made every Monday. When are the payouts made? For winning a paid match within an hour after the match ends. For making it into the "Week Winners" list every Monday. For registration through the referral program - within an hour after the win of the referred user. Week's leaders Element blocks D Daria 21 710 Bubble Woods P Piccolo 0 Neon swing F Farzad 1 374 Last week winners Each winner earns 0.101SOL Element blocks P Piccolo 20 029 Bubble Woods P Piccolo 639 721 Neon swing F Farzad 3 467 Socials Discord Twitter Documents Privacy policy Cookie policy Let's start Edit profile User name  * Cancel Save Let's start Edit profile User name  * Cancel Save Let's start Edit profile User name  * Cancel Save Let's start Edit profile User name  * Cancel Save Let's start Edit profile User name  * Cancel Save Let's start Edit profile User name  * Cancel Save 