 Home Who we are Commitment Collection Our Team Exploring, building, and pioneering the world of Web 3. Who We Are Starcatchers is an expansive entertainment brand focused in the first instance on combining cutting-edge Web 3 technology with unique and beautiful art to deliver distinctive, memorable experiences to members of our tight-knit community. We make contact with Web 2 via partnerships with leaders in the space, which we leverage to amplify the Web 3 experiences we provide – all to the benefit our ever-expanding community. Our Commitment We aim to build a better Web 3 in the service of our community and the space as a whole. We pioneered the practice of implementing a vesting schedule for mint revenue; we’ve given full commercial rights for each Starcatchers NFT to its holder; and we’ve onboarded an in-house ethics consultant. We’re shaping the space, setting industry standards, and we’re here to stay. Our Collection Our flagship project and focal point: a collection of 10,000 brilliant Star PFPs blazing across the Starcatchers Universe, granting holders privileged access to curated Web 3 experiences, real-world activations, the fruits of Web 2 and Web 3 collaborations, physical goods, and future Starcatchers digital products. Our Stars are, and always will be, the fiery core from which all future IP and brand utility flows. OpenSea LooksRare Our Team Mauricio Morales CEO/Co-founder Co-founder. Star dad and shot caller. At one of the highest-cap infrastructure-as-a-service unicorns in NYC. Bullish on steaks. Kamadez Co-founder Heads partnerships and community management. Minecraft and Rocket League maxi. Staunch advocate of decentralization, user empowerment, and a less restrictive Web3. Rory Balducci Co-founder Technical product manager and frontend engineer. Experience running multi-million revenue e-commerce and technical solutions for startups. Loves stars, fitness, and eating Maurice’s steaks. Arial Jade Lead Artist Loves cats and Dr. Pepper. Also stars. Previously freelanced for several Web2 and Web3 brands. She’d tell you which but she’d have to kill you. Discourse Snapshot Privacy Policy Terms of Service 