 Play Now 01 Experience 02 Gallery 03 News &amp; Info 04 Team 05 Contact Economic Reports White Paper • PDF Read Our Official White Paper! Economics Paper • PDF Learn the tokenomics of ATLAS and POLIS in the galactic economy. Governance Documentation Learn how Star Atlas is governed and built by its community. Sign up to our monthly Newsletter A message has been sent to confirm your email address. &nbsp; You have already signed up using this email address. You have registered too many email addresses. There was a problem with signing up. Please try again. ATLAS ( CMC CoinGecko ) POLIS ( CMC CoinGecko ) Terms of Service Privacy Policy Play Now 1 The future of reality 2 Experience space living 3 A booming space economy 4 Aboard your starship 5 Your Intergalactic Future Awaits Your Intergalactic Future Awaits A grand strategy game of space exploration, territorial conquest, political domination, and more. Sign up and stay connected! A message has been sent to confirm your email address. &nbsp; You have already signed up using this email address. You have registered too many email addresses. There was a problem with signing up. Please try again. Watch the Trailer Experience Gallery News &amp; Info Team Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Click Enter Depths of the universe Immerse yourself in the spectacular living metaverse and experience the future. Space technology of tomorrow Fly your state-of-the-art spaceship equipped with 27th century technology to wherever your heart desires. A universe of opportunities Build your fortune in your home in space. Explore and conquer Expand into space and be rewarded for your effort. Mining Town Resource-rich areas are hubs of economic activity. The Marketplace Buy and sell your resources and services on the Star Atlas marketplace, both in and outside the game. Calico Ship Manufacturer Calico starships have the reputation of being a perfect home away from home, offering all bells and whistles a ship could offer while retaining a very familiar, human design. The Crew Quarters Catch a breath in the relaxing ambiance of crew quarters. With your favorite ReBirth meta-poster on the wall, the space comes alive with colors and an electronic beat breathed into it. Player character customization Choose between different signature styles for your character. Decide the future and direction of Star Atlas Through holding the Star Atlas governance token POLIS, you will have a say in the fate of the metaverse and the rules governing it. Watch the Trailer EXPLORE What faction will you join? Join one of three main in-game factions. Ustur Sector A collective of sentient androids. MUD Territory A territory governed by humankind. ONI Region A consortium of alien species. Where will you take your spaceship first? Set a course for your adventure Engage in combat Engage enemies in open space to win untold riches. Dock at the space station Explore the ONI Central Station, your home away from home. Travel at the speed of light Turn on next-gen warp drive and experience interstellar travel. Your interstellar adventure awaits A grand strategy game of space exploration, territorial conquest, political domination, and more. Play Now Visit the showroom Trailer Prev Next 622107.238 LIGHTYEAR The future of reality A World Vast Beyond Imagining A World Vast Beyond Imagining 1 Experience space living Live and prosper among the stars Live and prosper among the stars 2 A booming space economy Be part of the intergalactic prosperity Be part of the intergalactic prosperity 3 Aboard your starship Equip your ship for deep space travel Equip your ship for deep space travel 4 Your Intergalactic Future Awaits Live the freedom of the metaverse Live the freedom of the metaverse 5 We use cookies to enhance your experience and analyze our site usage. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information. Accept Cookies 