 Skip to content Log In Register WordPress.org News Download &amp; Extend Get WordPress Themes Patterns Plugins Mobile Hosting Openverse ︎ Learn Learn WordPress Documentation Forums Developers WordPress.tv ︎ Community Make WordPress Photo Directory Five for the Future WordCamp ︎ Meetups ︎ Job Board ︎ About About WordPress Showcase Enterprise Gutenberg ︎ WordPress Swag Store ︎ Get WordPress Search in WordPress.org Get WordPress Plugins My Favorites Beta Testing Developers Search for: Search plugins This plugin hasn’t been tested with the latest 3 major releases of WordPress . It may no longer be maintained or supported and may have compatibility issues when used with more recent versions of WordPress. Download SteemPress By Martin Lees Details Reviews Installation Development Support Description SteemPress is a WordPress plugin that connects any blog to the hive blockchain. Hive is a blockchain where content and contributions are rewarded with the crypto currency hive based on the upvotes from users. The HIVE tokens can then be traded online with 0 transaction costs and with 3 second transaction time. What benefits can a blog owner get by sharing posts on hive hive blockchain? • It can help you reach new audiences as people browsing nay app or website displaying content stored on the hive blockchain can see your post. • It may provide a new source of income through earning HIVE tokens. • It will help store your content securely on an un-censorable blockchain. To use SteemPress you will need a hive account which can be made for free when signing up through https://steempress.io/signup You can also follow the value of a HIVE token here: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/hive/ If you have any questions, feel free to contact us by email on contact@steempress.io, or join our Discord channel together with many other users through https://discord.gg/W2KyAbm Features : • Automatic posting of articles to the Hive blockchain• Conversion and cleaning of text to look good on different websites• Automatic self-vote• Add an original link to your blog• Custom tags for each article• Default tags if no tags are defined for an article.• Optional posting• Bulk posting• Post scheduling• Multiple hive account support• Add (or not) the featured image on top of the hive post• Category filtering• Custom footer on hive Installation If you don’t already have an account on hive, please get one at https://signup.hive.blog/. Validation can take a few days. Then simply go to settings and fill your username, private posting key and default tags, and you’re good to go A setup guide can be found here: https://hive.blog/utopian-io/@apkmopo.com/tutorials-steempress-to-write-steemit-post-on-wordpress Setup guides are also available in various languages : French : https://hive.blog/utopian-io/@zonguin/steempress-unoutilformidablepourfairefonctionnerwordpressavecsteemittutorielcomplet-6kc5upw8re Indonesian : https://hive.blog/sevenfingers/@arie.hive/steempress-iohasbeenattendedtocontentcreatorswith1msteempower-5w4ikna7lm Japanese : https://hive.blog/japanese/@charincharin/steempress-vl4qqd8krj Turkish : https://hive.blog/steempress/@damla/steempressnedirvenaslkullanlrturkishtutorialreview-fophokno8h Note that all the guides are made by fans and may contain inaccuracies. FAQ For all the questions related to Hive please see: https://hive.blog/faq.html or https://hive.io What’s the difference between wordpress.com and wordpress WordPress is the blogging platform on which you run steempress. Wordpress.com is a business providing hosting for wordpress blogs. Do I need a wordpress.com business account ? No, you can use any web hosting provider to host your blog and use steempress. Wordpress.com is providing a free hosting service but to use plugins you have to upgrade to the highest plan which is very expensive compared to other plans. We recommend the webhosting plan from ovh : https://www.ovh.com/ but you are free to use any other host. We also recommend you to pick the “one click wordpress install” option which will directly install wordpress on your server. What kind of server do I need It all depends on your blog and how much it’ll be visited, but you really shouldn’t need a lot of data. For instance the “personal” plan on ovh with 100gb of disk space is more than enough for most of the use cases. Do I need a domain name No. Although having one is way better for your SEO. And generally more pretty. Nobody says “hey have you heard of 173.245.234.11 ?” they say “hey have you heard of mysuperblog.com ?” Can I use a free domain or a subdomain ? Yes. How can I protect the SEO of my website/will the SEO of my blog be affected ? The delay feature allow you to publish first on your blog and then publish to hive after a few days/hours/minutes (you decide the delay). Which means that google and other search engines will index your blog first and tag hive.blog as a duplicate. And so your blog’s seo ranking won’t be hurt. We recommend a 7 days delay for maximum security. I did not get a vote on my article, is something wrong ? You will not automatically get a vote, consider a vote as a tip for producing good content with us. You don’t expect a tip, but you are happy when you get one. The same mentality applies. Who do I talk to about business and parnerships ? Find @fredrikaa on the official steempress discord and talk to him the discord can be found here : https://discord.gg/W2KyAbm Who do I talk to about technical details, bugs etc ? don’t talk to @howo directly unless it’s a very specific and urgent problem, instead feel free to use the help and suggestion channels. Still on the discord : https://discord.gg/W2KyAbm I published my post on wordpress but it was not published on hive what’s up ? Check the plugin settings to make sure that you have set everything correctly. you should see “Connectivity to the hive server : Ok Username/posting key : Ok “ If that’s ok, look at the delay, did you put any delay ? And is that delay over ? If all of that checks, then something went wrong, come in the #help channel and we’ll figure it out. Can I use this on my phone We got that question a lot so I feel like we need to answer it. No. You need a wordpress blog which needs to be hosted. So you can buy hosting with your phone and manage it still from your phone but you’ll have to go by the “hosting” section and get a blog there. At what percentages are the beneficiaries set ? 15% Benefactor rewards Like most other apps on hive, including esteem, dtube, dsound, dmania and zappl to name a few, Swe use benefactor rewards to help run and develop SteemPress. The benefactor reward is currently set to 15%. To compensate, SteemPress is able to support original authors who post quality content with our hive account @steempress-io. Reviews well… it WAS good daniarnold May 12, 2021 Apparently this plugin doesn't work anymore. NOthing has been forwarded to my Steamit account in over a year, and no notice was sent as to why. I've sent an email, no response, tried to get into the discord chat, not able to..... so apparently it's time to ditch this plugin entirely. It's a shame because it use to work really well terrible support conflitoseguerras June 24, 2020 terrible supportNobody answers you, they treat you like you're the problem worked fine until… resqonline April 3, 2020 2 replies ... the developers decided that they no longer connect to steemit blog but hive blog - really annoying, if you're set up on steemit blog and suddenly your posts no longer show up there! A message or some kind of option would have been nice. Not everyone can keep up with all the details of the steem community. Can be better. uru-g-uru February 16, 2020 For sure it do what it must do. But it can to be better I think. Also the web page wait for something new. 5 Month no actualization is a long time. You are sure y still alive? Does what it says pivic November 6, 2019 I've used this plugin for a few months and it works just as it should. No issues, and everything I post on my WordPress blog is also available via blockchain in minutes. Brilliant. A great bridge into and out of the blockchain world! gadrian September 24, 2019 Creating bridges for early adopters of new technologies with the rest of us is critical for them to succeed. As it is for us to cross over when we are ready.Steempress creates a uni- or bi-directional bridge between Wordpress blogs and Steem.The bi-directional bridge needs to be activated by adding the comments widget from Steempress. Comments will come from both your audience on the Wordpress blog and from users who see your post on Steem. Votes (having a value in STEEM) come from Steem users, so you will also add an additional income flow to your blog if you activate it.I recently used the comments widget to both upvote the post and leave a comment and it works as expected! I also used the uni-directional bridge to publish posts from my blog to Steem. Read all 20 reviews Contributors &amp; Developers “SteemPress” is open source software. The following people have contributed to this plugin. Contributors howofr fredrikaa “SteemPress” has been translated into 3 locales. Thank you to the translators for their contributions. Translate “SteemPress” into your language. Interested in development? Browse the code , check out the SVN repository , or subscribe to the development log by RSS . Meta Version: 2.6.3 Last updated: 4 years ago Active installations: 200+ WordPress Version: 4.7 or higher Tested up to: 5.3.15 Languages: See all 4 Close Dutch , English (US) , Russian , and Spanish (Spain) . Translate into your language Tags: blockchain hive monetization WordPress Advanced View Ratings See all 5 stars 12 4 stars 5 3 stars 0 2 stars 0 1 star 3 Log in to submit a review. Contributors howofr fredrikaa Support Issues resolved in last two months: 0 out of 1 View support forum Donate Would you like to support the advancement of this plugin? Donate to this plugin About News Hosting Donate Swag Documentation Developers Get Involved Learn Showcase Plugins Themes Patterns WordCamp WordPress.TV BuddyPress bbPress WordPress.com Matt Privacy Public Code WordPress.org WordPress.org Visit our Facebook page Visit our Twitter account Visit our Instagram account Visit our LinkedIn account Visit our YouTube channel 