 Looking to buy? You can now use your credit card / debit card or Apple Pay / Google Pay to buy Step® tokens Buy with Card Buy with PancakeSwap Step® Home Blog Concept Whitepaper Ecosystem Audits Socials Support Connect wallet Over $2.2 million worth of BNB distributed to users as fitness rewards since launch Welcome to Step® Track fitness activity, earn crypto and be the best version of yourself. Same effort, more results. Featured on Available for purchase on Backed by The idea Step® is a revolutionary fitness application that lets you earn cryptocurrency while you walk and get healthy. Walking as it is, is one of the regular activities which is performed whether it’s in the house or outside. The Goal Keeping this in mind, we have come up with a unique concept where you can get strong both physically and financially. Step® strives to urge the users to follow a healthier lifestyle, lessen global warming, develop financial independence, and boost self-confidence. All this with few easy steps and less hustle. It's as simple as it works! 1 buy Buy and hold at least 22,000 Step® tokens* or 1 Step® NFT in your wallet. Buy Tokens BUY NFT *10% buy tax and 10% sell tax. 2 walk Download the latest version of the Step® app, set it up and get started right away. Android iOS 3 earn Walk at least 4,000 steps a day and sync the app before 2.30PM UTC and get your rewards daily, easily as BNB directly into your wallet. A maximum of 30,000 steps per day will be eligible for rewards. Calculate a rough estimate of daily rewards Steps 21.000 Distance 8.000 meters Calories 1.700 kcal Avg. heartbeat 70 bpm Daily volume $ 20.000 Tokens owned 280.000 Rough estimate of daily rewards $ 1.46 Frequently Asked Questions What are the types of activities tracked? Currently, we support all activities that involve steps and distance, like walking, running and riding a bycicle. In the future we plan to extend to all many other types of activities. What is the minimum amount of daily steps to earn crypto? You must do at least 4,000 steps daily to receive rewards on it. What is the minimum amout of Step® tokens to hold to receive crypto rewards? You must hold at least 22,000 Step® tokens in your wallet to receive crypto rewards. Is there a minimum or maximum for crypto earned per day/week/month/year? While the reward value has no upper or lower limit, we cap the maximum amount of daily steps you can receive rewards for to 30,000. How are the crypto payments calculated? Rewards are calculated on the steps % quota among all eligible holders. A multiplier is then applied depending on how much tokens are held by each user. Example: Rewards pool = 12,000$ 5,000 holders but only 1,500 have done more than 4,000 daily steps (With a total of 4,000,000 steps and you did 6,000 steps) 12,000$ / total steps 4,000,000 * your steps 6,000 = daily rewards 18$ Would the percentage of crypto earned increase or decrease due to the price of the Step® token? No, as the rewards are provided in BNB. The only variation would depend on the DEX transaction volume of the Step® token. Read this A whitepaper with all the information about our project, instructions on how to buy the tokens and NFTs, and all the important links to more information. Read More Referral Program Get rewarded with 1% of the referee purchase amount for every friend you invite to the Step® Ecosystem. The referral commissions can be claimed anytime in BNB. Some examples Example 1) A Step® supporter invites 100 of his friends to Step, each of them purchases $20 worth of Step® tokens. Example 1 earnings are $20 in BNB. Example 2) A Step® supporter invites 100 of his friends to Step, each of them purchases $20 worth of Step® tokens. Example 1 earnings are $20 in BNB. Invite Friends. Earn Crypto. 1 Get your referral Get your unique referral code and link 2 Invite your friends Share your referral with your friends and invite them to Step 3 Earn Crypto With every purchase of your friends you will receive crypto My Referral Referred Friends 0 Unclaimed - BNB Connect Wallet Invite Friends. Earn Crypto. Referral Wallet BNB to swap to Step® Connect Wallet Our ecosystem. Our world. You can earn up to 0.1 BNB a day in rewards using our Step® app. READ MORE Get benefits, also for holding your Step® NFT. READ MORE Just stake some tokens to earn. High APR, low risk. READ MORE Order lovingly designed items directly to your home. READ MORE Our first real life sports club: Step® Futsal Club NEW in 2023 The Step® fitness metaverse allows you to workout from home. COMING in 2023 Safety first Nothing is more important in cryptospace than security. That’s why we have 3 external audits and the KYC Team by Bitmart. The Certik audit is the best available on the market. CERTIK DESSERT FINANCE Privacy Policy Customer Support support@walkwithstep.io Get connected © 2022 WALKWITHSTEP LTD. All Right Reserved. 