 Launch App Solutions Overview Streamflow features an all-in-one token distribution platform for teams to handle their finances. Payroll Low-cost automated payroll solutions for teams of any size Vesting Customizable token vesting schedules tailored to your needs Multisig Store and send team funds securely Multichain Discover what blockchains Streamflow is integrated with Solana BNB Chain Ethereum Polygon Aptos Sui Overview Streamflow features an all-in-one token distribution platform for teams to handle their finances. Payroll Low-cost automated payroll solutions for teams of any size Vesting Customizable token vesting schedules tailored to your needs Multisig Store and send team funds securely Multichain Discover what blockchains Streamflow is integrated with Solana BNB Smart Chain Ethereum Polygon Aptos Sui Resources Resources Learn more about Streamflow Use Cases Learn how you can use Streamflow to supercharge your Web3 project Gaming DeFi NFT Case Studies See how our partners and clients are using Streamflow Blog Read more about Web3, DeFi, and Streamflow’s developments Podcast A collection of Twitter spaces by Streamflow Documentation Start integrating Streamflow’s products and tools Tutorials FAQ Fees Use Cases Learn how you can use Streamflow to supercharge your Web3 project Gaming DeFi NFT Case Studies See how our partners and clients are using Streamflow Blog Read more about Web3, DeFi, and Streamflow’s developments Podcast A collection of Twitter spaces by Streamflow Documentation Start integrating Streamflow’s products and tools Tutorials FAQ Fees Blog Blog Read more about Web3, DeFi, and Streamflow's developments. blog.streamflow.finance categories DeFi Token Vesting Blockchain Announcements Payroll Education Multisig &amp; Treasury Blog Read more about Web3, DeFi, and Streamflow's developments. blog.streamflow.finance categories DeFi Token Vesting Blockchain Announcements Payroll Education Multisig &amp; Treasury More Integrations About Careers Hiring Contact Integrations About Careers Hiring Contact Discord Twitter LinkedIn GitHub Launch App Payment Infrastructure for Web3 Simplify your team’s finances with Streamflow's Token Operations Platform and SDK, offering access to Customizable Vesting Schedules, Token Locks, On-Chain Payroll Management, and more. Launch App Book a Demo Live on / Audited by #1 Token Vesting protocol on DefiLlama Current TVL $150M+ All time high TVL $1B+ Processed $350M+ Overview What can you do with Streamflow? Streamflow provides a product suite every organization can use to manage team finances on-chain, whether you’re an early-stage crypto startup or a traditional company looking to make the leap into Web3. Our suite of no-code tools allows you to automate customizable token vesting schedules, token locks, and payroll —all the tools required to manage finances in Web3. We also offer a multi-signature wallet for Solana teams to manage their projects treasury. Vesting Token Vesting Create token vesting contracts to lock up and distribute tokens to stakeholders and other recipients on a custom schedule. Token vesting with Streamflow grants you access to features like cliff dates, transferrable streams, automatic withdrawals, and much more. Recipients of vesting contracts can view the progressing schedule and claim tokens from our unified dashboard, minimizing friction for recipients while adding a layer of transparency. Learn More Payroll Stream Payments Minimize employee onboarding time and cut costs on payroll management with payment streams. Using payment streams, you can pay employees weekly, bi-weekly, or even monthly or allow your employees to withdraw funds in increments throughout the pay period —enabling real-time payments. Learn More Multi-Signature Wallet Multisig Streamflow's multi-sig allows teams to safeguard funds, and manage their payments and vesting through member proposals. Our Multi-sig is currently available for teams on Solana. Learn More Sandbox Test In Devnet Mode Use the Sandbox mode to create test contracts and ensure everything is perfect before streaming funds on Mainnet. Multichain Different Networks Streamflow is available on multiple blockchains, providing users with greater accessibility. Our platform is currently live on the following networks: Solana Aptos Ethereum Binance Polygon Sui Ready to start streaming? Get Started Now Book a Demo Trusted By Our Clients And many more, full list on the About page Developer Build on Streamflow Use our SDK to enable your dApp with payment streaming features or create a novel use case. Subscriptions (content, services, etc.) Milestone based donations Work trails Vesting contract auctions Streamflow Integrations Apply for Grant Verified and Acknowledged Find Us On Solana Docs Streamflow is listed in the official Solana documentation under ‘token vesting’. We have worked hard to drive the streaming primitive forward on Solana and we’re honored to be acknowledged. https:// spl.solana.com/token#2-streamflow-timelock https:// spl.solana.com/toke... Backed By For a full list of investors, go to About page What Others Say Testimonials While on a mission to deliver best-in-class token vesting and streaming payments, we've been lucky to have some fantastic customers. They've said some nice things about us along the way. Streamflow offered Compendium complete token vesting options for our token vesting contract. We chose Streamflow over other products in the Solana ecosystem due to its ease of use and the additional options the user can employ when creating a vesting contract. Try to find another token vesting platform that provides this customizability. I'll wait. Compendium Finance It's awesome. Smoothest streaming &amp; vesting dApp around. Very easy to use. Grape Protocol Setting up vesting schedules was very quick and easy! The team is very professional. Looking forward to use Streamflow again, and again! :) CaveWorld Useful platform and simple to use. Starbots Streamflow is great and trustworthy technology for managing for vesting and token locks Nosana To rate our services yourself, go to the Decent Reviews Excited to start streaming the secure, audited way? Get Started Now Book a Demo Meet The Stream Team About The Streamflow team is a passionate, dedicated team of glass eaters with a strong belief in the larger vision of the streaming primitive and driven to unlock this value for the world. angelo BD &amp; Operations dushan QA, Automation Support lui Product luka Engineering Lead andydataguy Business Development MrSohail Product, Support &amp; BD dusanio Software Development markiz Design NegiCom Software Development malachi Content johnny Software Development stefan Finance teyo Office &amp; Event Manager imprfekt The Glue aka CEO Learn More About Us Tweets About Streamflow What People Are Saying About Us On Twitter Fatassmonkey @Fatassmonkey2 Keep your eye out on @streamflow_fi, we’re stoked for the things the team has planned, which will be announced in due time. @t3eventures will continue to work closely and support the team in bringing more innovative ways to streaming on @solana. Stay tuned! 7:24 AM · Mar 9, 2022 Huobi Ventures @HuobiVentures Congrats! ! @streamflow_fi Happy to see our new partner had raised 3.1M. 11:36 AM · Mar 5, 2022 xNFT Raindrops @only_raindrops We have elected to use @streamflow_fi for all our token vesting. Their UI is so easy to use it feels like web2. We feel like this is what most web3 apps will feel like in 3 yrs. The era of the @bonfida token vesting contract is over. It did great work, but it has been surpassed. 16:56 PM · Jul 1, 2022 barrett.sol @barrett_io congrats, very bullish on this team/protocol @streamflow_fi 4:59 PM · Mar 4, 2022 AngelDAO @AngelDAOorg Proud to be part of @streamflow_fi $3.1M raise and back a top team who are bringing streamed token vesting, payroll and batch paments to #solana Take control with #Streamflow 4:33 PM · Mar 4, 2022 LeslieisHODLing @LeslieisHODLing Looking forward to using this product ourselves as well as with our portfolio projects! @streamflow_fi 5:53 PM · Mar 4, 2022 Daniel @Danuuuule Major glass eaters, happy to be involved 🤝 @streamflow_fi 3:56 PM · Mar 4, 2022 Shanav K Mehta @shanav_m Stoked to back the @streamflow_fi team as they continue to build a critical primitive on Solana. @imprfekt is a true builder with the kind of persistence and determination you’d back every day of the week 4:12 PM · Mar 4, 2022 Squads @SquadsProtocol Congratulations to our streaming friends! @streamflow_fi 3:55 PM · Mar 4, 2022 David Holt @IDrawCharts shoutout to the @streamflow_fi teamwe were having an issue pointing a stream contract at our multisig addy and they pushed out a fix within a week 11:53 PM · Mar 17, 2022 Get Started Store your team's tokens for safekeeping, and distribute them efficiently when the time comes. Get Started Book a Demo Made with 💙 in a distributed team. ©2023 Streamflow Finance. Multichain Overview Aptos BNB Smart Chain Ethereum Polygon Solana Solutions Overview Payroll Vesting Multisig Resources Use Cases Case Studies Blog Podcast Documentation Tutorials FAQ Fees Company About Careers Hiring Integrations Contact Audit report available here. · Terms &amp; Conditions · Privacy Policy · XML Sitemap · HTML Sitemap · Blog Articles · Blog XML Sitemap 