 To main content Swing Products Developers About Community Book a Demo Sign up Products Developers About Community Get Started - Dev Hub Visit Swing's dev portal SDK Documentation Build your pixel-perfect UX API Reference Chain agnostic routing Book a Demo Schedule a call with Swing Discord Join our community Twitter Follow daily Swing updates Telegram Join for news and updates Blog Follow the Swing blog About Us Learn more about Swing NFT's &amp; Rewards Earn community rewards Careers Join the Swing Team Swing Platform Manage your cross-chain dapp Swing Widget Embed a swap widget Swing SDK Customizable and build cross-chain Bridge &amp; Swap API One API for all cross-chain UNLOCK CROSS-CHAIN LIQUIDITY The essential API, SDK and no-code developer platform to power cross-chain crypto liquidity. Super-power your cross-chain dApp Explore the Docs Start Building ACCESS HUNDREDS OF BRIDGES, DEXES &amp; BLOCKCHAINS SIMPLIFY LAUNCHES &amp; DEVELOPMENT Plug your dApp into the Swing Network Liquidity Bridges Blockchains Staking Bridging Asset Swaps Cross-chain Access Cross-chain Functionality Trusted by growing companies AND MORE THE SOLUTION Free your developers from time-consuming integration and configuration. Instantly connect your dApp to many blockchains and scale with your users. One solution for all your cross-chain needs Cross-Chain Bridging Cross-Chain Swaps Cross-Chain Anything Contract Calls Add Cross-Chain Bridging to your dApp Free your developer’s from time consuming integration and configuration. Instantly connect your dApp to the blockchain and scale with your users. Free your developer’s from time consuming integration and configuration. Instantly connect your dApp to the blockchain and scale with your users. Add Cross-Chain Swaps to your dApp Bridging Swaps Contract-calls Bridging Swaps Contract-calls Swing aggregates dozens of EVM and non-EVM bridges to enable seamless cross-chain bridging between 25+ blockchain ecosystems. Bridge any asset to any chain Swing aggregates decentralized liquidity sources across EVM and non-EVM ecosystems to enable cross-chain swaps and same-chain swaps. Swap any asset on any chain Contract-Calls allow developers to execute multiple transactions on the destination blockchain with just a single click. Execute complex cross-chain transactions JOIN THE MOVEMENT Swing is powering Cross-Chain Bridges &amp; DEXes 60+ Accessible Liquidity $6 Billion Start Building 25+ Blockchains Access unified blockchain liquidity by integrating with Swing Widget, SDK or API. Whatever the complexity of your project is - we got you covered with a no-code widget and fully customizable SDK and API. Launch cross-chain applications today INtegrate fast, integrate once Launch cross-chain experience with 0 to 3 lines of code. Easily customize your widget UI and get access to all future features and integrations. Swing Widget With Swing Swing SDK Easily connect your dApp to cross-chain liquidity from bridges, blockchains with just a few lines of code. Without Swing Utilize one API for cross-chain bridging, swapping and messaging to accelerate your cross-chain strategy and attract new users from everywhere. Swing API Explore the Dev Hub THE SWING PLATFORM Save on development time. Easily configure and monitor your integration with our no-code developer platform. The Swing Developers Platform Rules Bridges Metrics Monetization Rules Bridges Metrics Monetization Choose what your users can send and receive. Configure your dApp to fit your need without touching any code. Chain &amp; Token Configuration Enable or disable specific bridges with a simple toggle without touching any code. React to bridge security issues in seconds. Bridge Configuration Analyze and monitor real-time transaction data for your dApp including volume, transactions, unique wallets, top token pairs, bridges and more. Metrics Dashboard Collect fees up to 10% of your dApp's transaction volume. Monitor revenue, fees balance and withdraw collected fees in the Swing Platform. Monetize your dApp Start Building The Swing Blog Join the developer waitlist Average Monthly dApp Volume Less than $100,000 $100,001 - $1,000,000 $1,00,000 - $10,000,000 Greater than $10,000,000 What chains are most important to you? Select at least 3 Ethereum Polkadot Avalanche Solana Near Terra Elrond Polygon Binance Smart Chain Team Size Less than 5 6 - 20 20 - 50 Greater than 50 Submit © 2023 Swing PRODUCTS Developer Hub (Start Here) Platform Widget SDK API Connect Discord Twitter Telegram Swing Blog Book a Demo RESOURCES About Rewards Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Swing has been Audited By 