 Market Shop Inventory Events Media Content Creators Knowledge Login Play Free Market Shop Inventory Events Media Content Creators Knowledge Play Free You have unlocked crates! Open Crates Become the Sage of Serra Defeat all in this deckbuilding trading card game! skill-to-win | infinite replayability | Free-to-play Watch Trailer Play Now Recently Minted Cards New Game Genre Fast strategic battles Endless card synergies and combinations, packed into a deep card game. Easy to learn, hard to master! In-game deck-building Build a deck with what you are given in-game and beat your opponent in new ways, making every battle unique. Innovative mechanics Use your opponent’s cards and merge multiple cards into one powerful synergy. Skill-to-Win Equal battlefield The cards you bring to the table are poured into the middle; both players can use them to build their decks. Can you build the better deck? Knowledge and skill Just owning good cards is not enough, as your opponent could use them against you. Free-to-play Anyone willing to learn, practice, and play can top the leaderboards. Will that be you? BLOCKCHAIN REWARDS Beat them all The higher you reach in seasonal leaderboards, the more rewards you can earn. Exclusive prizes Many cosmetic items will be limited edition NFTs and only distributed to players like you. Buy. Sell. Trade. Blockchain allows for safe peer-to-peer trading, so you can enjoy this trading card game. Art &amp; Lore Love the characters Every card has a personality; get to know the named characters and take them into battle. Represent a Faction Play styles and lore are intertwined; find which you identify with most and win. Defend your planet Serra has a deep history and complex society, defend it against a looming threat. Artifacts Newest Discovery Discovered by 0x???...???? Rarity Artifact Quality Artifact Edition Scarcity Newest Discovery Type Illustration by Unknown View on Market 0/12 Artifacts Found Roadmap In game Currency: 'SCRAP' Base Crate Unlocking Alpha Fame Shop SCRAPing Feature Release Virtual Crate Unlocking Unity Release Open Beta Launch Partners Powered by Not enough information yet? by A.G. Rynham September 22, 2023 How many Gold copies of each Base Set card will there be? by A.G. Rynham September 22, 2023 All About That Base! by A.G. Rynham September 14, 2023 Are you ready to transcend? by A.G. Rynham September 5, 2023 The Serra Chronicle | Vol.23 №.08 Read more Prepare yourself to defend Serra Play Now Cookies are only used when you login to your Synergy of Serra account. We need to use these cookies to ensure that your account is working properly. More information Accept Base Crate Unlocking Event The Base Unlocking Event will establish fair crate opening conditions for every Serran. If you want to take part, you can find more information here . Close Contact us Team Privacy Terms Impressum ©2023 Calystral Games GmbH. All rights reserved. v 124.0.0 