 Launch App Twitter E-posta Telegram Welcome to Medieval Metaverse Official Game Trailer The First Crafting Game on Avalanche TaleCraft is a PVP, play-to-earn card board game, driven by a unique mint andcraft mechanic, where players grow more powerful through gamified NFT alchemy. Elemental basecards are sold weekly, allowing only the most skilled alchemists to thrive and progress in thismedieval metaverse. All NFT holders will receive AVAX yield generated by the game ecosystem,rewarding the most loyal and skilled holders. NFT &amp; Token Deflation System TaleCraft leverages a brand new type of NFT minting process that balances gamedesign and scarcity, designed to produce a sustainable, long-term economy. Crafting Technologyachieves this, in part, by burning base cards to craft higher-tier cards, combing scarcity withgame theory. Additionally, when chests are opened with $CRAFT, they are both burnt and used forvital liquidity--bolstering the entire game economy. The NFT’s total supply will be determinedand balanced by community demand driven by free market principles. Open Source Crafting Technology TaleCraft leverages the ERC-1155 protocol and the Crafting System is rooted inthe features available within this specification. This system can be utilized by any project,partner or artist to generate a sustainable NFT economy driven by actual demand, not arbitrarynumbers. Board Game TaleCraft’s play-to-earn board game mode allows players to go head-to-head, testingtheirskills and demonstrating the strength of their alchemy and crafted power. This is an engaging gameexperience, bringing the NFT crafting and economy to life in an all out medieval battle. A successfulvictorearns AVAX rewards, generated by the game protocol. Backers &amp; Partners We bid farewell to outdated NFT minting mechanics of yesterday, and usher in the craft-to-earn mechanics oftomorrow's metaverse! Craft to Earn ! Let's go CRAFT Menu Home Whitepaper Tokenomics This web page and any other contents published on this website shall not constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice, and you should not treat any of the website's content as such. You alone assume the sole responsibility of evaluating the merits and risks associated with using any information or other content on this website before making any decisions based on such information. You understand that the crypto market is characterised by high volatility, and you should be aware of the concrete possibility of losing the entirety of the funds you allocated in the crypto market. You should refrain from using funds you cannot afford to lose when purchasing cryptocurrencies and other digital tokens and assets. Terms of Service 