 Docs Discord GitHub Twitter Medium Enter App ASSET management system Tetu is the money lego asset management that provides automated DeFi solutions. With Tetu, users can unlock the web3 finance Scroll down Tetu is audited by DefiYield, PeckShield and CertiK According to DeFi Safety, Tetu is one the top 5 safest dApps on Polygon and one of the top 20 safest dApps in all of DeFi Earn Use your assets to earn a high &amp; flexible yield DEX Decentralized Exchange with the lowest fees PAWNSHOP Borrow crypto using your NFT’s as collateral Roadmap TETU TETU - is the money lego asset management that provides automated DeFi solutions. Pawnshop Pawnshop - collateralize NFT and digital assets and borrow loans against it DEX DEX - TetuSwap will enable users access high yield liquidity pools, earn, trade at incredibly low fees. Assets from LP positions are automatically deposited into yield farming vaults achieving even greater gains. Multi-Asset DEX Multi-Asset DEX - Liquidity providers can create customized liquidity pools containing multiple assets which can automatically rebalance to help manage your portfolio. Yield Farming Yield Farming - earn incredibly higher gains while they diversify their Portfolio by depositing into a pool. Folding Folding - Maximize your yield by using folding strategies; by repeatedly supplying the underlying asset and borrowing it from a lending platform in a loop, Tetu provides optimal returns Multi Strategy Multi Strategy - is a strategy that achieves high effectiveness, either through increased results, reduced risks or a combination of both through the integration of many different protocols. Meta Vault Meta Vault - provide diversification, automatic rebalancing and great user convenience by combining the exposure of many vaults to a single deposited asset type. Cross-chain Strategy Cross-chain Strategy - Gain exposure to different sources of earnings; Tetu automatically bridges and converts assets for you from the network that you started in. Zap Zap - a feature that allows you to automatically route funds to deposit or withdraw complex assets, like Tokens-pairs or multi-hopping transactions Multi-Zap Multi-Zap - allows the user greater efficiency through a bridge integrated with zapping, making it easier to convert, deposit, or withdraw assets even in target vaults that are on different networks. Lending Lending - the lending platform will allow users to be remunerated for supply liquidity, and borrowers the possibility to obtain assets by depositing collateral. Second Stage Second Stage - Tetu’s next goal is to combine DeFi with real-world assets. The Tetu investment fund is a very unique approach to combine DeFi with investments in real world assets like real estate or natural resources. The Tetu protocol structure is built in a way to provide exposure to the real world economy. Stay tuned! Polygon QiDao Tarot Scream Balancer Universe SpookySwap FTM Alerts Sphere Finance Socket 0VIX Team Belbix Nomarch solidity dev Kseniachezz Designer DR. Tetu Business dev Constmalutin Nomarch front end dev Olegn Solidity dev Timuricio Art-Director Iamkosyak Dune/solidity dev Waterfound Content writer Bogdoslav Solidity dev Buy Tetu Enter App All Rights Reserved ⓒ 2022 Community Discord Twitter Medium Artworks Resources GitHub Documentations Brand kit Audit reports DeFiSafety review Product Invest/ Vaults TETU-swap Nomics Tin. Coinmarketcap CoinGecko DexGuru EARN Use your assets to earn a high &amp; flexible yield DEX Decentralized Exchange with the lowest fees PAWNSHOP Borrow crypto using your NFT’s as collateral 