 HOME About Whitepaper Sign up Log in Mint Mintpass Giveaway ~$10,000 ‍ -424 Days, -24 Hours, -57 Minutes -10 Seconds Learn More Those who brave the abyss will yield true power Alpha Demo is exclusive to Early Access users Mintpass Giveaway Worth $10,000 Ends August 10, 2022 | 12:00 PM PST Learn More Explore the Abyss The abyss is a multiverse of unqiue worlds. Each world has its own lore, challenges and rewards. Dangerous Foes Await Heavily punishing, &nbsp;deeply satisfying combat. Each enemy has its own strategies and weaknesses. powerful characters Each character in The Fabled has it's own unique stats and abilities. Powerful enemies will require the proper setup. Powerful Mounts Take to the skies on the backs of beasts &amp; dragons, where you will face new challenges and enemies to overcome. A new Fantasy world The Overworld beckons, and mighty warriors, gods and demons heed its call. In search of power, they venture to distant worlds far corrupted beyond recognition. Explore the diverse worlds of The Fabled, each with its own lore, habitat, and characters.&nbsp;You will encounter dangerous adversaries, unlikely allies, and characters with their own motivations. Tread wisely. Deep World Exploration Immerse yourself in the vast fantastical landscapes of The Fabled. Traverse the breathaking Overworld on the back of a mighty dragon. Fight enemies and hunt for treasures in unique worlds from desolate ice kingdoms to swamplands. Experience a never-before seen level of exploration and variety in a souls-like title. Choose Your Fabled Gameplay Fast Paced Action Combat in The Fabled is usually fast paced, requiring skills and quick reflexes to succeed. There are many different combat styles to choose from when fighting. Unreal Engine 5 Experience stunning visuals with real-world physics and high definition graphics. Optimized for Blockchain Gaming. In-depth AI The Fabled features an in-depth AI and NPC interaction system complete with branching dialog decision trees and complex AI behavior mechanics that bring the world of The Fabled to life. Friends &amp; Foes Depending on your interactions, you may find yourself making friends and allies or enemies and mortal foes. Allies can be recruited as followers which you can bring into The Abyss to fight alongside you. Own Your Rewards Players who opt into the Web3 features will be able to own and trade the characters and artifacts they collect and mint in-game. All minted characters, houses, and creatures exist on the Blockchain as player-owned assets. NFT items contain varying rarities and limited supply of each. OpenSea Learn More Roadmap Phase 1 Working Prototype ‍ Gameplay Trailer ‍ Website Alpha ‍ Mint Pass Limited Sale ‍ Social Media Presence ‍ Community Growth Phase 2 Strategic Partnerships ‍ Partnership Announcements ‍ Update Roadmap ‍ Updated Whitepaper ‍ Team Expansion ‍ Alpha Demo Trailer Phase 3 (Current Phase) TGE&nbsp;Date Announcement ‍ Website Update ‍ Character NFT&nbsp;Sale ‍ Closed Alpha Demo ‍ Marketing Strategies Phase 4 House &amp; Creature Sales ‍ Open Beta ‍ TGE Phase 5 Game Release ‍ Conjuration/Fusion integration ‍ In-game Rewards Phase 6 Co-op Integration ‍ New Levels, Items &amp;&nbsp;Weapons Phase 7 PVP ‍ More new Levels, Items &amp; Weapons Plans for the future We plan to continuously update the game and release new levels, characters, weapons etc. Throughout the years to provide you with a fresh and new experience throughout The Fabled life cycle. View Whitepaper Join The Fabled Be the first to know about our progress, development updates, and more. Discord Twitter Home About Us Mint Whitepaper marketplace Partnerships 2022 The Fabled. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookies Settings 