 EN FR EN Home FAQ Whitepaper Blog Borrow Now For fixed 0% interest Home Ecosystem FAQ Whitepaper Blog Join the Initial Minting Event 0% interest DeFi loans. Borrow without giving your collateral to a third party, No KYC, No Trust Needed. Open dapp Name Email Address Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Get Early Access Built natively to scale Ethereum using Arbitrum The ultimate scaling solution for the ultimate stablecoin protocol Introducing EUROs: The Next Gen Stablecoin The ultimate scaling solution for the ultimate stablecoin protocol Add EUROs to MetaMask Add EUROs to MetaMask Stablecoins launch in two stages Stage 1 (Live Now) Initial minting event Reward early adopters with discounted stablecoins to build liquidity in the stability pool. As more people participate, the discount decreases until it reaches a 1:1 peg and becomes a stablecoin. This incentivizes early participation and helps establish the stablecoin's value. Smart Contracts audited by sEURO&nbsp;Discount Curve Join the EUROs Initial Minting Event Your Smart Vaults Borrow at 0% interest "Secure your crypto assets, such as ETH, WBTC, ARB, LINK, &amp; PAXG tokenized gold, in smart contracts that you control and no one else, then effortlessly borrow stablecoins with 0% interest loans and no time limit to pay back. ‍ No need to ever trust third parties like BlockFi, Silicon Valley Bank, or Celsius with your private keys. Prevent losses by swapping locked collateral into tokenized gold in a bear market or your favorite coin in crypto bull markets. Features USDC DAI TheStandard Safe from Bank collapse Custom domain tooltip info Transparent Can't be confiscated Counterparty risk free Decentralized Full / above reserve Layer2 Native / zkEVM Borrow at 0% interest Trade locked collateral Sell debt as NFT if needed Multi collateral single vaults Multi stablecoins output EUROs, USDs, INRs, GBPs... Some details Transparency Every major fiat Borrow @ 0% interest Trade locked collateral Sell debt as an NFT Not your keys, not your crypto. Don't trust banks like Silicon Valley Bank, BlockFi, or Celsius to hold your collateral assets; Simply lock your collateral into a smart contract that only you control. No one can touch your collateral but you! Send crypto to a smart contract that you control Everyone can see there is more collateral than stablecoins All collateral is accounted for in real-time. Not just USD pegged? Every fiat needs a blockchain equivalent, not just the US. If you are a freelancer in India then you want to invoice in an INR-pegged stablecoin. The Standard aims to release a stablecoin for every major fiat. This enables blockchain based FX markets. Global trade and remittances Trillion dollar opportunity No interest when borrowing stablecoins. TheStandard's 0% interest borrowing is a DeFi game-changer, offering accessible financial solutions without added costs. As inflation now reduces the real debt burden, borrowers using TheStandard benefit from global inflation rather than suffer from it. 0% interest loans no time limit to pay back the debt Don't miss out on moonshots The Standard gives you the option to trade locked collateral, which you have borrowed against, for an equal value of another crypto asset. This flexibility allows you to adjust your investments without paying back your debt and withdrawing the original collateral. Trade into an asset that you think will moon Trade into tokenised gold if crypto is bearish Bot trading / auto trading Reduce chance of liquidation NFTs arn't just for art. We are building the next generation of dynamic DeFi NFTs. Every smart vault is represented as an NFT; whoever owns that NFT can pay the debt off and withdraw the collateral. &nbsp;This enables people who have a large debt positions to sell that debt for fast liquidity. Can't afford to pay off your debt but need liquidity? Secondary DeFi debt markets New use case for NFT's Protocol Roadmap Phase 1 Planning and research Planning and research Write whitepaper Onboard Advisors Gather Developers Raise seed round Informative Landing Page Design Front End Legalities and Compliance Smart Contract R&amp;D Phase 2 Launching MVP Build Community Launch EUROs IBCO Over-Collateralise EUROs Create Partnerships Launch 1st Smart Vault Launch Smart Vault NFTs Launch on DEX Launch on CEX DAO voting Phase 3 Expansion Collateral trading Liquidation Pools 10 Collateral types Launch USDs IBCO Launch zkEVM Major CEX listing Stop Loss, Alarms USDs Smart Vaults 3 more Pegtokens Payment process partners Phase 4 World Domination Release 50 Pegtokens 100+ collateral types Smart DCA repay 15 tokenized gold partners Share pegged Assets Commodity pegtokens Most major exchanges Cross every major chain Quantum entanglement Governance / Membership The Standard Token (TST) The native governance/membership token of the protocol. Add TST to MetaMask Benefits As a TST holder, you'll be part of TheStandard Protocol ecosystem, unlocking exclusive features and participating in governance decisions. All fees collected from everyone borrowing or paying back debts are pooled and distributed to TST holders who stake and vote on protocol matters. Income potential is boosted by TST scarcity through burning when users pay for unlocking features. Staking Earn fees paid into the protocol Discounted transaction fees Unlock features Buy liquidated assets under market value Advanced analytics and insights Vote on the direction of the protocol Use TST for Collateral liquidation warning alarms Auto collateral trading bot Auto rebalancing of portfolio Automated yield farming strategies Access exclusive community events * TST USED&nbsp;ARE&nbsp;BURNED Available on Seen on Partner Ecosystem All Partners Exchanges DeFi Games/Metaverse NFT Tools / Oracles Audit / Certificates Media DAO Tooling Investors / MM Legal Advisors All Partners Exchanges DeFi Games/Metaverse NFT Tools / Oracles Audit / Certificates Media DAO Tooling Investors / MM Legal Advisors Protocol Advisors Patri Friedman Economic Philosophy / Decentral Planning Patri comes from a long line of famous economists, he is the grandson of Milton Friedman and son of David D. Friedman. Patri is the founder of the Seasteading movement and advises many innovative governance focused organisations. Patri previously spent 10 years at Google as an engineer and 10 years as the GP of Zarco Investment Group. He has a BS in Math from Harvey Mudd College, an MS in CS from Stanford University, and an MBA from Cardean University. Hartej Sawhney Smart Contract Security Hartej Sawhney is the godfather of smart contract auditing, pioneering the industry in 2015. He Co-Founded Zokyo, a venture studio that builds, secures and funds crypto, DeFi and NFT companies, and also co-founded Hosho, which was ranked #1 Smart Contract security Auditor in 2019 by Forbes. Dr. Jane Thomason Advisor-DAO Governance Dr Jane Thomason is a thought leader in technological innovation, fintech and blockchain for social impact. She was named by Forbes as a leader in Blockchain for Social Impact and is a published author. She holds a large number of academic and commercial positions including a seat on the board of a major bank and co-founded the British Blockchain and Frontier Technology Association. Faraj Abutalibov Crypto VC Dubai /Mid East Faraj is the founder of a Large crypto executives’ community with 430 C-Level executives from the crypto world. Mr Abutalibov is also a co-founder of the Crypto VC (Sharara) and crypto media (Gulf Crypto Insight). Join The Community Join TheStandard.io community of decentralized finance enthusiasts! Our passionate group brings together people from all walks of life and hosts exciting events that make being part of our community both fun and rewarding. Don't miss out insider action! Discord members 9 K Join Discord Telegram members 8 K Join Telegram Home FAQ Whitepaper Blog 