 THE KISS NFT Home About Collection News Blog Shop Partners FAQ My Tokens Connect Wallet THE KISS NFT Official Digital Collectible from the Belvedere Museum Buy now 300 Years of Belvedere The Belvedere has been a central stage for art for three centuries. One of the first public museums in the world. Unlock the power of art and history through innovation at the Belvedere Museum. Gustav Klimt - The Kiss Step into a world of passion and emotion with Gustav Klimt's iconic masterpiece, The Kiss. This renowned work captures the essence of love and the human experience, making it a timeless symbol of beauty and artistic expression. Exclusive Collectible Embark on a journey into the heart of art with Gustav Klimt’s digital collectible. Own a piece of its legacy with limited edition NFTs, each with a unique fraction of the high resolution image, for a price of 1,850 €. Don’t miss this once-in-a-lifetime chance to make history and be a part of The Kiss’ timeless legacy and collect the rarest piece of them all. Buy now Dedications In Hasel Love ❤️🐰❤️ Marianne View dedication Follow the Collection Stay ahead of the curve and never miss a beat by following the Belvedere's news blog. The Kiss is at the forefront of the NFT revolution and news about the collection will announced there. Whether you're a seasoned collector or just starting out, you won't want to miss the latest news and events from the Belvedere. Subscribe to our blog today. Learn more Sep 13, 2023 The Kiss NFT goes Metagonia Oc... © MetagoniaWe will present our The Kiss NFT project at the new annual... Read more &gt; Watch our video to learn more Buy Your NFT &gt; THE KISS NFT Buy now Explore Buy NFT Collection Dedications Tile map Shop Community Blog &amp; News My Tokens FAQ More Terms of Service Data Protection Legal Notice Company About us Partners Contact Us Press &nbsp;&nbsp; Subscribe to News Blog Home About Collection News Blog Shop Partners FAQ My Tokens Connect Wallet Privacy policy | We use cookies We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings. Accept all Deny No, adjust 