 Pricing Use Cases Solutions Contact More Token Carbon Offset Campaigns Dashboard Free Trial Rewards in any app Drive growth and revenue with plug &amp; play Reward Campaigns Start free trial Read more in our user guides We’re backed by Techstars, one of the largest pre-seed investors in the world, 2022 cohort. We have received funding from the European Union under agreement 82888 (Blockpool) and 824509 (Block.IS) Embedded Loyalty Engage your audience as easy as 1-2-3 Copy-paste a small piece of code immediately launch your quests and rewards using tokens such as NFTs. Using our front-end integrated wallet or SDK your team saves months of work compared to starting from scratch. All you do is paste this (example) script in your HTML page &lt; script src = "https://api.thx.network/v1/widget/507f191e810c19729de860ea.js" &gt; &lt;/ script &gt; Open example widget We provide growth teams serving communities of all sizes with the right tools to onboard and retain more users. The numbers Users 13858 Quests Completed 11013 Rewards Earned 875 No Code Launch Quests &amp; Rewards To power your loyalty rewards, just point and click to launch a token smart contract. Your users claim your rewards using the branded front-end wallet. 100% no code required on your end! Manage rewards in your dashboard Our Partners Bringing massive scale to Ethereum The largest pre-seed investor in the world Your community engagement platform Catalyzing blockchain innovation Accelerating SMEs’ uptake of blockchain Used technologies Extensions Well documented, audited and battle-tested code means you get sh*t done with fewer bugs and more fun. Read the documentation Why THX? Boost engagement and revenue. Features Benefits Quests Reward engagement with quests and claim them instantly in the branded wallet. Your users exchange points for valuable rewards. Watch retention go through the roof! Rewards Users and players become true community members when receiving, exchanging or buying tokenized rewards. Make ERC-20 tokens your currency and gate memberships with NFTs. Partnerships Share your Rewards across projects and games to reach new users and players. Cross channel and cross brand loyalty is what drives long term results. "Can do" mindset "Working with the THX Network team has been a fantastic experience. We share a “can do” mindset, which has made it easy to work together and achieve our shared goals." Thomas CEO at TryHards Customers love us Both clients and developers. Reliable partner "We wanted a reliable partner who can provide us with the infrastructure we need for our Quest product, allowing us to focus solely on collecting and designing the quests for our products." Behfar CEO at Forest Knight Use Cases Our added value Carbify Carbify implemented THX Network to amplify their social presence using Twitter Quests. Discover more ApeSwap ApeSwap leverages THX Network for an engaging community experience. Discover more Forest Knight Forest Knight reduces their development costs by using Custom Quests and provides cashbacks for their players. Discover more TryHards TryHards is embracing THX Network to create exciting experiences for their users. Discover more 2Tokens 2Tokens is taking advantage of THX Network to engage their audience. Discover more Blind Boxes Blind Boxes relies on THX Network to provide an immersive daily experience. Discover more Carbify Carbify implemented THX Network to amplify their social presence using Twitter Quests. Discover more ApeSwap ApeSwap leverages THX Network for an engaging community experience. Discover more Forest Knight Forest Knight reduces their development costs by using Custom Quests and provides cashbacks for their players. Discover more TryHards TryHards is embracing THX Network to create exciting experiences for their users. Discover more 2Tokens 2Tokens is taking advantage of THX Network to engage their audience. Discover more Blind Boxes Blind Boxes relies on THX Network to provide an immersive daily experience. Discover more Carbify Carbify implemented THX Network to amplify their social presence using Twitter Quests. Discover more ApeSwap ApeSwap leverages THX Network for an engaging community experience. Discover more Forest Knight Forest Knight reduces their development costs by using Custom Quests and provides cashbacks for their players. Discover more TryHards TryHards is embracing THX Network to create exciting experiences for their users. Discover more 2Tokens 2Tokens is taking advantage of THX Network to engage their audience. Discover more Blind Boxes Blind Boxes relies on THX Network to provide an immersive daily experience. Discover more item 0 item 1 item 2 item 3 item 4 item 5 Item 1 of 6 About us Open Source &amp; Blockchain enthusiasts THX Network is brought to you by open source, UX and blockchain enthusiasts THX Network is a EU funded and Techstars backed loyalty software solution from Amsterdam, The Netherlands. We love designing, building and leading open source projects. We believe peer-to-peer reward systems will be nothing short of transformative for our economies. Learn more about us Our team members Nice to meet you! Peter Polman CTO &amp; Cofounder Serial digital product engineer and agile team leader. Very serious about UX. Steffen Boode CCO &amp; Cofounder Business developer. Background in VC/M&amp;A. Digital asset enthousiast. Mieszko Czyzyk CEO &amp; Cofounder Serial SaaS founder. Loves data-driven marketing. Into blockchain since 2013. Marloes Pomp DAO Advisor Digital Economy &amp; AI consultant. Valeria Grazzini Software Developer Background in back-end engineering now Node.js, GraphQL and Solidity. Jorrit Horstman Marketing Strategist &amp; Content Creator Prize winning content strategies, 10+ years of international agency experience. Phillip Reidy Community Manager Community Lead and Blockchain Investor Bram Rongen DevOps Engineer, multisig Former CTO of 3D Hubs, now DevOps for hire. Natasha Schön Writer, Editor Part of the 500 most talented under 26 in tech according to TheNextWeb and Accenture. Evert Kors Software Engineer, Multisig holder Won ETHLondon 2020 and ETHGlobal 2021 hackathon. Smart contract specialist. Jule Landwehr MSc - UX Researcher Graduated with honours in Human Factors &amp; Engineering Psychology on the subject of online reputation. Tuan Nguyen JavaScript Developer Typescript and Javascript developer. Created our Discord Bot, now Javascript &amp; API. Mulenga Developer Highly rated developer on Gitcoin. Main contributor to the Slack integration. Contact We're happy to help. Contact us with any questions regarding THX. Contact us Company Details Keizersgracht 482 1017 EG Amsterdam info@thx.network Ask us anything on Discord Legal Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Statement Media Materials Download and share THX press materials or reach out to our press contact Jorrit Horstman . Download press pack Press releases &amp; News Researching a Reputation System for Online Social Communities Presenting the Slack app Gamification 3.0 is here Visual Prototype of the THX Reward Gamification Crypto for communities: does digital money solve the biggests challenges? Want to see THX in action? Schedule a demo Join our community online This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Got it! 0 × 