 TIME logo Connect Wallet Wallet Settings Disconnect Wallet MetaMask WalletConnect Sign In My Account My Account Digital Magazines TIME Storefront Help Center Sign Out Subscribe Subscribe TIMEPieces Close My Account My Account Digital Magazines TIME Storefront Help Center Sign Out Sign In Subscribe Sections Home U.S. Politics World Health Climate Future of Work by Charter Business Tech Entertainment Ideas Science History Sports Magazine TIME 2030 Next Generation Leaders TIME100 Leadership Series TIME Studios Video TIME100 Talks TIMEPieces The TIME Vault TIME for Health TIME for Kids TIME Edge TIME CO2 Red Border: Branded Content by TIME Coupons Personal Finance by TIME Stamped Shopping by TIME Stamped Join Us Newsletters Subscribe Give a Gift Shop the TIME Store TIME Cover Store Customer Care US &amp; Canada Global Help Center Reach Out Careers Press Room Contact the Editors Media Kit Reprints and Permissions More About Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Modern Slavery Statement Site Map Connect with Us Presented By TIMEPieces TIMEPieces is a NFT community initiative inclusive of four collections to date: Genesis, Inspiration, Long Neckie Women of the Year, Slices of TIME, and the newly announced, Beatclub Collection. NEW! TIME &amp; The Sandbox bring TIME Square to the metaverse. Will launch Call for Architects. Enter email to learn more. View TIMEPieces on OpenSea TIMEPieces is a Web3 community initiative from TIME. The Genesis Collection launched in September, 2021, with Build a Better Future . It included works from over 40 incredible, global artists spanning multiple disciplines. TIMEPieces followed with a second collection called Long Neckie Women of the Year by Artist in Residence, Nyla Hayes.&nbsp; TIMEPieces represents an important first step in TIME’s Web3 community strategy, enabling us to bring together artists, collectors and fans in a collaborative manner with the goal of building utility and community value over the long-term. Join us on Twitter or Discord . ARTIST SPOTLIGHTS INTO THE METAVERSE MOMENTS IN TIME THE BEATCLUB COLLECTION TIME: ISSUE 01 - VITALIK BUTERIN ARTISTS FOR PEACE GENESIS SLICES OF TIME LONG NECKIE WOMEN OF THE YEAR INSPIRATION TIME logo Home U.S. Politics World Health Business Tech Personal Finance by TIME Stamped Shopping by TIME Stamped Future of Work by Charter Entertainment Ideas Science History Sports Magazine The TIME Vault TIME For Kids TIME CO2 Coupons TIME Edge Video Masthead Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Benefits Give a Gift Shop the TIME Store Careers Modern Slavery Statement Press Room TIME Studios U.S. &amp; Canada Customer Care Global Help Center Contact the Editors Reprints and Permissions Site Map Media Kit Supplied Partner Content About Us © 2023 TIME USA, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service , Privacy Policy ( Your California Privacy Rights ), Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information and TIMEPieces Terms and Conditions . TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. Do Not Sell My Personal Information Users may opt-out of sharing their name and contact information with third parties using this form. Privacy Policy Allow All Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. &nbsp; &nbsp;You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. &nbsp; &nbsp;All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. &nbsp; &nbsp;If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. You can turn off the use of cookies for targeted advertising here. When the button is green, targeted cookies are on. When the button is red, targeting cookies have been turned off. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. &nbsp; &nbsp;If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices 