 Augment Us! Docs Whitepapers Store Developers Join Us Blog About Features Docs powered by Crypto Dapplets Project The Home of Augmented Web What is Dapplets Project? What is Dapplets Project? We are building an open Augmented Web Infrastructure for decentralized Apps (Dapplets), all powered by crypto technologies. Our system is open-source and available to developers anywhere in the world. Dapplets Project is an open and self-governed Public Good entity. The platform is publicly available to anyone and enables a lot of new augmenting applications, both public good and commercial. Anyone who shares our values can join the project and share our common success. Why we do it? To provide you with a toolset for shaping your own information ecosystem. To enable fundamentally new workflows on popular websites. To provide web3 technologies on the legacy web. To draw a for everyone. What is the innovation ? Let's imagine a common situation: a user opens a browser and visits a site. The browser displays the data received from the server. The server is under the control of the website owner, and today the browser shows what the owner wants (and doesn't show anything he doesn't want). But the browser itself is under user control and that's the key to solving the problem. We add to the browser an augmentation engine that embeds small apps, called dapplets, directly into the website page. These dapplets are stored in decentralized repositories and are unstoppable – no one can remove or disable them and no one can prevent you from running dapplets in your browser. The user receives information from different sources at the same time - the site content from the site owner, and its interpretation from any third-party sources he chooses for himself. This augmentation would be seamless and contextualized. How to use it? Install the main application Search the Dapplets Store and select your dapplets Go to the website and turn on the dapplets of your choice Get inspired by brand new experiences on familiar sites Dapplets Platform is open-sorce and will always be free for all end users. Become a part of growing society. Crypto inside! We are a true crypto project! Our augmentations are decentralized, unstoppable, permissionless and incentivized by cryptoeconomics. The work of our platform is based on several crypto technologies, so it cannot be stopped or prohibited by nobody. We are using blockchain for saving dapplets registries. At this point we work with Ethereum and Near networks. We are using decentralized storage, like Swarm, IPFS and Arweave for hosting dapplets code and multimedia. We have our own crypto-economy based on well-known patterns, like Token Curated Registries, Prediction Markets etc. Role model Economics Our community is built on the principles of self-organization and assumes several roles within it. Each of the roles is economically motivated to participate. Developer Become a part of our growing Community Developers write and publish apps because they help drive their business processes or can be monetized through user acquisition. Auditor Auditors review the app's code and are responsible for making sure it’s secure for the end user. They can be rewarded by both developers and end users. Owner Select a name for you dapplet and start the construction Have a business idea on developing a dapplet, but can't write the code? Not a problem. Become a Dapplet Owner and start developing by simply reserving your app name and directory space. Your application will be in Under Construction status, and you will have time to look for developers. Applications in the Under Construction status can still be added to lists and will be available to users immediately after their launch. Lister Install App and create your first Listing Listers are a special role unknown in the classical web. Because our apps are published in decentralized repositories, they are all available to any user: unfiltered and uncensored. But how will the user know which apps are useful for him and which are not? Therefore, you get a lister of your choice, whose job is to select the most interesting apps and make a list of them. Popular listers can be rewarded by developers for listing their apps. Open Augmented Web Infrastructure for Decentralized Apps powered by crypto technologies. Home What is Dapplets Project? Innovation How to use it? Role model Join Us Owner Lister Developer Auditor About Dapplets Our Mission Motivation Career at Dapplets Brand Toolkit © 2019—2023 Dapplets Project Privacy Policy 