 Our Story How it Works Roadmap Tokenomics Blog Contact Us Whitepaper Download App Login Marketplace Join $TOP Public Sale Round 3 Public Sale Every Step Counts Get in Tip-Top shape and earn real rewards through movement within a self-sustaining ecosystem. Download App Read Whitepaper Active Lifestyle Rewarding Ecosystem Unique Collectibles Sustainable Choice One Small Step for Man... ...one giant leap for your active earning journey Exercising or running errands is an overlooked way of making income. Movement can be generously rewarded. TipTop is a move-to-earn app that gamifies fitness. Put on your own virtual sneaker and start monetizing your physical activity! Unique Sneaker NFTs Random Loot Boxes Collector Marketplace Marketplace Download App Embrace Active Lifestyle Walk your dog. Jog in the park. Hike a mountain. Stay active. TipTop allows you to explore the physical world in a new dynamic way. We reward active lifestyle to help you form healthy habits and improve your physical and mental health. Join Our Community “Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.” – Steven Wright Earn Through Movement All exercise should be profitable. Period. TipTop transforms all physical activity into a financially rewarding journey. With us, you can make income simply through movement. Achieve your fitness and financial goals at the same time! Download App “A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.” – Lao Tzu Limit Your Carbon Footprint We are committed to carbon neutrality in Web 3.0. TipTop rewards movement to help us all reduce our environmental footprint. Our numerous partnerships and green initiatives with environmentally conscious companies demonstrate our commitment to a sustainable way of life. Partnership Prospects “We cannot live on this planet as if we had another one to go to.” - Terri Swearingen Join TipTop in 3 Easy Steps 1 Download the TipTop App You can find the app on Google Play or Apple Play Store 2 Register an Account By registering, you agree with our Terms and Privacy Policy 3 Move to Earn Put on the Premium Sneaker and give TipTop a try! Roadmap 2022 2023 2024 Q4 App Launch Conference Attendances Worldwide Marketplace Release Marketing Kickoff Referral Program Implementation TIP Token Issuance Q1 Community Building Boost Representatives Program Release Issuance of TOP Token Q2 Governance Poll Introduction Integrations with 3rd Party Vendors Addition of Multiple Languages Extensive Marketing Campaign Staking Solution for TIP &amp; TOP Tokens Exchange Listings TOP Token In-app Token Swap Release Q3 Feature: Sneaker Renting User Data Analytics Integration Collaboration with Fashion Brands Feature: Minting of Special &amp; Themed Collections Q4 Feature: Personalized Item Minting Events: Remote Challenges Feature: Leaderboards and prizes Feature: In-App Ad Placements Q1 Feature: Online / Offline Competitions Virtual Events with Brands and Conferences Q2 Ambassador Program Launch Ambassador Hosted Events Q3 Wearables Gadgets Q4 Wearable Digital Shoes $TOP Tokenomics Total supply: 3,000,000,000 (100%) Private sale - 12.5% Private Sale: 10% initially; other funds will be locked for 6 months Public sale - 5.5% Public Sale: No lockup or vesting period. Platform TBA Ecosystem &amp; Treasury - 14% Ecosystem &amp; Treasury: 12-month-lock period; after that, 10% of the initial funds will be distributed monthly. Staking &amp; Liquidity - 18% Staking &amp; Liquidity: Staking &amp; Liquidity (DEX / CEX). Team - 10% Team: 12-month-lock period; after that, 10% of the initial funds will be distributed monthly. In-game rewards - 20% In-game rewards: TOP tokens can be obtained from Loot and Mystery boxes as rewards. No lockup period; 5% monthly distribution. Strategic partnerships - 6% Strategic Partnerships: 3 months lock, then 10% monthly Community &amp; Ambassadors - 2% Community &amp; Ambassadors: 3 months lock, then 10% monthly. Marketing - 6% Marketing: 6 months lock, then 20% monthly Development - 6% Development: 6 months lock, then 20% monthly Self-Sustaining Ecosystem TipTop prioritizes project stability above all else. That is why up to 90% of $TIP tokens will be reintroduced back into the game to maintain in-app economy. There is also an element of circularity - users can resell their NFTs on the marketplace or merge two shoes into a better type, at 100% success rate. Join Our Community Download App Frequently Asked Questions What is TipTop? TipTop is a move-to-earn app that gamifies fitness to promote a more active lifestyle and reward movement. We believe that exercising or running errands is an underrated source of passive income. Movement should be generously rewarded. Why BNB Chain? TipTop chose the BNB Chain because it's both eco-friendly and cost-effective. BNB Chain has some of the lowest fees on the market. The PoSA consensus mechanism is also fast, efficient, and does not have as large a carbon footprint as other comparative blockchains. Why is TipTop launching during a crypto winter? Although crypto winters may be harsh and unpredictable, they are an integral part of the crypto ecosystem as a whole. Regular price corrections help weed out inefficient projects that fail to deliver. The beauty of the latest crypto winter is that it has given us time to focus on meaningful development work and shape a product that really benefits the community. What’s the difference between the $TIP and $TOP tokens? $TIP is the main in-game utility token, which you can earn through movement or as a reward from loot boxes. $TOP is our governance token, which you can receive in specific token generation events. How do I set-up my TipTop wallet? To create a new wallet, go to your profile and tap on Wallet. When creating a new wallet, you’ll be asked to set up a passcode. Make sure to also note down the generated Secret Recovery Phrase, which will be required in case you need to recover your wallet. How to Earn? Purchase NFT or use premium sneaker. Keep in mind that earnings with premium sneakers are five times lower than with NFTs. To earn Tip tokens, be sure to check the speed limit before you start moving around, and don't exceed it. Subscribe to TipTop Newsletter Join our growing community of fitness junkies and crypto enthusiasts! I accept to the privacy policy and agree to receive updates from TipTop. Subscribe TipTop is a move-to-earn app that gamifies fitness to promote active lifestyle and financial independence. TipTop Our Story How it works Roadmap Tokenomics Contact us Representatives Application Marketplace How To Play Affiliate Program OpenSea FAQ Whitepaper Our Community Privacy Policy Liability Disclaimer Copyright © 2023 TipTop Sneakers Download the TipTop App 