 Products Multisender Classic Multisender NFT Multisender Massdrop Statistics Calculator FAQ Launch dApp Products Statistics Calculator FAQ Launch dApp Send tokens tomultiple addresses Multisender sends tokens or NFTs to multiple recipients in just three clicks Explore dApps vitalik.eth +140,000,000 SHIBA 0x6a01...9561 +2,300 USDC 0x7182...9a38 +1.56 wETH $285M+ Total volume $220K+ Daily volume 30K+ Total transactions 110+ Weekly transactions Multisender Classic Multisender Classic helps to send tokens to multiple recipients with one simple transaction. Choose a token, input a list of recipients, sign the approval, and pay for all transaction fees. Multisender Classic immediately sends tokens to each recipient. Sender pays all transaction fees Recipients immediately receive tokens Launch dApp Multisender NFT Multisender NFT is a simple way to send NFTs to many recipients and ideal for airdrops or new releases. Similar to Multisender Classic, simply choose the recipients and NFTs, sign the approval, and pay the transaction fee. Sender pays all transaction fees Recipients immediately receive NFTs Launch dApp Multisender Massdrop Multisender Massdrop sends tokens to multiple addresses while minimizing costs for the sender. All transaction fees are paid by recipients when claiming their tokens. Choose a token, input a list of recipients, sign the approval, and pay only for a single transaction. Sender pays small transaction fee to create the Airdrop Recipients pay transaction fees to receive tokens Launch dApp Supported Networks All All Classic Multisender Classic NFT Multisender NFT Massdrop Multisender Massdrop Ethereum Gnosis BNB Smart Chain Arbitrum One Optimism Base Avalanche Fantom Opera Polygon Moonriver Moonbeam Metis Cronos Celo Harmony Want to use Multisender on another blockchain? Submit request Benefits Safe Thousands of users trust Multisender to send tokens to their users. Multisender has been helping users save time and money since February 2018. The contracts have been internally audited for security. Fast Multisender allows you to send tokens to any number of users in minutes. Simply input the recipient addresses, approve the tokens, and within a minute your tokens are sent! Easy Multisender is the easiest way to airdrop tokens to your users. With our simple 3 step process, we guide you from start to finish. Calculator Multisender Classic Classic Massdrop Massdrop Multisender NFT NFT Choose network Ethereum BSC Arbitrum Avalanche Gnosis Fantom Polygon Choose token Ethereum Loading... Number of recipients Total tokens amount undefined Calculate Recent transactions Number of recipients 0 Network Ethereum Token Amount $0.00 Txn Hash Show transactions Number of recipients 0 Network Ethereum Token Amount $0.00 Txn Hash Show transactions Number of recipients 0 Network Ethereum Token Amount $0.00 Txn Hash Show transactions Previous Next FAQ What is Multisender? This dApp allows users to efficiently send thousands of tokens to multiple addresses by batching the transfers and automating the process. This tool enables users to save time by automatically generating transactions using MetaMask or other smart wallet software. Multisender is also completely safe in terms of account security since private keys and other sensitive data are all handled by the user's wallet software. Is it a safe tool? Yes. This tool is in production since 2018. It accounts for over 20,000 transactions on Mainnet, which is equivalent to several billion dollars. You can find the Multisender Smart contract along with all previous transactions on Etherscan , or here for the older version. How much time does multisending take? It depends on the gas price and network congestion. It typically takes 3 to 5 minutes. How do I use the tool? We have a tutorial for each of the Multisender products: Multisender Classic , NFT Multisender , Multisender Massdrop . Which wallets can I use? You can use Metamask, hardware wallets or any wallet that is supported by WalletConnect. How much does it cost to use Multisender? The cost of transaction depends on your specific token implementation, the number of addresses, network specifics, and the number of tokens to be sent. The best way to estimate the fee is to engage in using the tool, or use calculator . What factors into the service fee? Transactions are split into batches and service fees are calculated per-batch. A single batch may contain hundreds of addresses, which means that a two-address multisend and a 400-address multisend would both fit into one batch and cost the same service fee. The fees were established with bigger transactions in mind, which require substantial resources in our end to execute. If you would like to use the service but feel that the fees are too high for your specific transaction, your concern is addressed in the next section. What if it's too expensive for me? Support personnel in our Telegram chat may be able to address fee concerns on a case-by-case basis, so feel free to ask them. You are also welcome to purchase our VIP membership (see next section). What are the benefits of the VIP status? VIP status eliminates any service fees, so you only have to pay for network fees. Since the service fee scales with the number of addresses, the benefit of the VIP status scales as well, meaning: the bigger your multisends are, the more it makes sense for you to acquire the VIP status. What is the maximum number of addresses to which you can send at once? There are no restrictions. You can send unlimited tokens to as many addresses as you want. Can I test the app on a Testnet? Absolutely! Just connect a Goerli wallet for testing to make sure that everything is working as expected. What is a deflationary token? It is a token that doesn't follow ERC-20 standards. Usually, it's a token that burns a certain amount at each transfer. Which chains does Multisender support? How do I switch from one to another? The full list of supported networks is large and ever growing. You may view it by clicking the current network button in the top-right corner of the page. You can also use the list to swap between networks. Do you add new networks? Yes, we do. The conditions for adding a network are discussed with the network's developers on a case-by-case basis. So, if you want a network to be added, contact the network's devs, and if you are a dev, contact us via Telegram . Alternatively, you can submit a form here , and we'll contact you instead. What does “Approve” mean? Approval is a permission to the app contract that enables sending your tokens to the addresses you provided. Please review your approvals carefully in order to avoid any mistakes or misunderstandings. At the second step, I get the following error message: Insufficient balance in your account. The app simulates a multisend to make sure that everything is in order and will go well. For this operation, your balance must be greater than the amount on the error message. You need to add funds to your balance for that message to disappear. What does self-generated key mean? This is the fastest recommended way to use Multisender. The app generates a burner key on your device. After the burner key receives the funds, it will automatically post all your transactions on the blockchain. Please always save the private keys generated in the process; it will enable retrieval of your funds in case of a technical error. Multisender Classic Multisender NFT Multisender Massdrop Statistics Privacy Policy Privacy Notice (US) 