 Trace Network Labs Products Media Blogs Buy Trace Gate.io QuickSwap Huobi Buy Trace Gate.io QuickSwap Huobi Pariz Scan Create Avatar Products Media Blogs ParizScan CreateAvatar TRACE NETWORK LABS Metaverse for Fashion &amp; Lifestyle Powered by Web 3.0 Enter the Metaverse Our Products Pariz Fashion and Lifestyle Metaverse withexperiencesbuilt on Multichain. Join the most immersive and real experienceofshopping &amp; collaboration. Enter theMetaverse Staking Multiple staking pools for users to earnhighAPRs for their staked Trace token. Launch App &nbsp; &nbsp; Buddy Enabling real human like Web3 nativeAVATARsto be agnostic to multiple Metaverses. Launch App Metastack A complete suite of techstack enabling businesses to launchtheirMetaverse as standalone experience or a part of Pariz. Experience the Trace Meta House We're building the infrastructure that will build the Future. Avatars The digital human civilization is being enabled by TraceBuddies. Trace BUDDY Avatar NFTs are Web 3.0 Native , real human like Avatarsusable in different Metaverses on multiple chains. Experiences Trace is bringing a complete suite for enterprises to launchmetaverse experiences related to business like internal/external gatedcollaboration, shopping etc. Commerce Shopping experience in Metaverse has promising future for bothdigital and phygital products. Experience Shopping stores will be available withintegrated payment components for commercial transactions. Web3.0 Powered Trace Metaverse experiences are powered with NFTs andblockchain. Blockchain bringing the Provenance for Product Genesis /OwnershipTransfers , Ownership of Experiences on multiple chains. $TRACE is the native currency of Pariz Buy Now Gate.io QuickSwap Huobi Your browser does not support HTML video. Our Partners &nbsp; Our Investors &nbsp; Featured in Media &amp; blogs Read our blogs &amp; News AUG 2023 Recap... Trace Network Labs Project Update for the month of August 2023Continue reading on Medium »... Read More Online Fashion brand, Dennison, selects PARIZ Metaverse to unveil their First brand store... Collaboration aims to provide an immersive shopping experience and using Power of Gaming, Web3 &amp; A... Read More PARIZ Metaverse Now Live on BNB Chain... Trace Network Labs is proud to announce that the Fashion &amp; Lifestyle Metaverse is NOW LIVE on the ... Read More How To Mint Bling Wearable NFT Collection... Using your Signature mint pass to mint an exclusive Wearable NFT for your BUDDY avatarContinue re... Read More “Bling” is Now Live... The Multi-brand Fashion Store for NFTsContinue reading on Medium »... Read More Hero NFT Future Utilities... Community Work NFTs issued by Trace will provide multiple benefits to its owners in the FutureCon... Read More Trace launches support for Magic Wallet... Integration will enable simple, secure &amp; seamless onboarding for Buddy populationContinue reading... Read More Trace Heroes Campaign... Contribute to the growth of Trace Network — Win from $100,000 worth of NFTs, $TRACE &amp; Special Rewa... Read More Trace Network Labs partners with Mogul Production to bring experiences of watching films in the... Real life Avatars NFTs to be created for film fans so they can attend virtual film premieres &amp; mov... Read More Revealing — New Trace Network Logo... Fortifies Trace’s Future Vision of Enabling Multi-dimensional Metaverse ExperiencesContinue readi... Read More AUG 2023 Recap... Trace Network Labs Project Update for the month of August&nbsp;2023TLDR;Pariz Metaverse is NOW LIVE o... Read More Online Fashion brand, Dennison, selects PARIZ Metaverse to unveil their First brand store... Collaboration aims to provide an immersive shopping experience and using Power of Gaming, Web3 &amp;&nbsp;AI... Read More PARIZ Metaverse Now Live on BNB Chain... Trace Network Labs is proud to announce that the Fashion &amp; Lifestyle Metaverse is NOW LIVE on the B... Read More JULY 2023 Recap... Trace Network Labs Project Update for the month of July&nbsp;2023TLDR;Pariz Metaverse Expands to BNB ... Read More Stake $CAKE — Get $TRACE Staking Program... Stake $CAKE — Get $TRACE Staking&nbsp;Program100,000 $TRACE Token Rewards outlined at 32.26% APR for 90... Read More Pariz Metaverse Expands to BNB Chain... $TRACE is now available on Binance Smart Chain Paving the Way for greater metaverse adoptionTLDR:... Read More Trace YouTube Video Making Contest... Create captivating videos on Trace &amp; Pariz to win from a pool of 50000 $TRACE&nbsp;tokensTrace Network ... Read More June 2023 Recap... Trace Network Labs Project Update for the month of June&nbsp;2023June Recap&nbsp;TLDR;Pariz Metaverse cros... Read More MAY 2023 Recap... Trace Network Labs Project Update for the month of MAY&nbsp;2023TLDRPARIZ Metaverse is in sniffing d... Read More Trace Network Partners with Plena Finance... Leveraging Account Abstraction (ERC4337) for Seamless, Secure &amp; Versatile Metaverse ExperiencesTr... Read More Join our community to stay updated We invite you to join our Telegram community and follow us on Twitter Join Telegram Quick Links Whitepaper Document Roadmap Media kit Products Pariz Buddy Metastack Staking $TRACE Huobi Quickswap Gate.io Bitbns © Copyright Trace Network Labs 