 Info Wiki WhitepaperUnbox Commodities Rail Cars Conductors Locomotives Passenger &amp; Passenger CarsSocial Twitter Twitch Discord Youtube Instagram MediumPLAY Select Page Info Wiki WhitepaperUnbox Commodities Rail Cars Conductors Locomotives Passenger &amp; Passenger CarsSocial Twitter Twitch Discord Youtube Instagram MediumPLAY Rule the Rails WELCOME TO TRAIN OF THE CENTURY,A VIDEO game powered by the WAX BLOCKchain PreviousNext 10,000 FREE Generative ChoosRandomly generated, these handsome Choo Choos are our gift to you to lighten the mood in this emerging bear market. We’re all gonna make it! And in the meantime, there’s nothing wrong with grabbing a free Choo. Pooly Hodler Choo Choo Mint AccessWednesday &amp; Thursday, June 15th &amp; 16th, 2022Public Choo Choo Mint AccessFriday, June 17th, 2022 Learn More Project HistoryIn April 2021, two longtime friends had an idea: to create a train management simulator game in which everything is owned by the players. Blockchain gaming and NFTs had yet to gain popularity in public awareness, and Jake and Ryan were committed to seeing where the concept took them. Thus, OSO Interactive was born.After teaming up with photographer Sam, the team knew their idea had legs. Sam’s gorgeous photographs of trains became the Modern Century Locomotive NFTs, and Train of the Century (ToC) blossomed around them.Choosing LongevityNo strangers to blockchain gaming culture, Jake and Ryan determined they wanted ToC to address a number of issues they saw in popular games of the time. It seemed like every new project prioritized astronomical pack sale numbers with no consideration of the number of assets in circulation, tokenomics, or player experience. Rather than creating another pretty idle clicker that capitalized on FOMO, they wanted to build a thoughtful game with lasting value.Longevity is the keyword. ToC was designed to outlast your typical FOMO project.NFT packs are not sold without first considering asset allocation and the number of cards currently in circulation—as can be seen in the articles published before each sale. Tocium (ToC’s in-game currency) is among the few tokens in blockchain gaming with a deflationary max supply—a choice made in effort to ensure continued usefulness.OSO Interactive’s goal has always been to under-promise and over-deliver, and their commitment to longevity is how they manifest that goal. And the blockchain community is taking notice: They were recently praised for this commitment on the podcast Wax Lyrical. Notable Coverage Where we've been Where we're going Whether you're new to the Centuryverse or have been in the Train of the Century Discord since day one, the Wiki contains information that will help you on your journey as a Railroader.&nbsp;Wiki Contents&nbsp;Getting Started&nbsp;The User Interface&nbsp;NPC EncountersAdvanced MechanicsNFT IndexCenturyverse Lore&nbsp; Tocium is the primary in-game currency of Train of the Century. It is the main reward for completing Rail Runs.Max Supply Tocium will have a starting max supply of 100 Billion.Supply Deflation MechanicsTocium features a REAL burn mechanism, meaning any Tocium that is used to purchase in-game elements will be burned, not retired. This burn mechanism will&nbsp; reduce Tocium’s circulating supply and consequently, its max supply.&nbsp;ExampleLet’s say Tocium has a current circulating supply of 10 billion and a max supply of 100 billion. If a Railroader spends 1 million Tocium at the Market then the new Circulating Supply and Max Supply would be 9.999 Billion and 99.999 Billion respectively. (Click to view the larger Tocium Flow Map) Tocium will have a floor max supply of 21 million. Once the max supply has reached this floor, any Tocium that is spent in-game is now retired instead of burnt. This means that the circulating supply will be decreased, but the max supply can never go below 21 million. VERSION 1: Story EncountersTrain of the Century has an intricate sci-fi fantasy story woven into its structure. At certain pre-determined points of the game, you'll be approached by NPCs who would like to have a word with you. Be careful what you say and to whom: Not everybody in the Centuryverse deserves your trust...The first Modern Century Campaign is composed of 10 chapters, each made up of 3 Story Encounters. That means there are 30 encounters for you to interact with—and yes, we mean interact with. We hope that you enjoy the visual novel-style gameplay we've prepared for you, and that you'll be the one to get to the bottom of what's actually going on in the Centuryverse. Version 1 of Train of the Century will introduce the Modern Century Campaign to the Railroader through distance-triggered interactions. Players will have the option to skip campaign interactions and view them later from their Railroader Dashboard.&nbsp; VERSION 1: Asset EncountersSeasoned Railroaders are familiar with asset encounters as they were available throughout the Beta. In an Asset Encounter, the NPC who appears will grant you an item or opportunity that can enhance your gameplay experience.The frequency which a Railroader has an NPC Encounter is determined by their train's luck. Be on the lookout for Conductors who have high luck perk bonuses! The Stranger rewards Century Vials.Otto rewards Century Train Parts.Thomas rewards Passenger NFTs.The Commodity Culprit takes pity on puny trains and bequeaths Commodities. Version 1: Golden RunsGolden Runs are secret combinations of a conductors preferred Locomotive, Rail Car, and Commodity. The first Railroader to discover a Conductor's Golden Run will receive a 1 of 1 NFT, with extraordinary utility. Clues for these NFT combinations are scattered through the Centuryverse! Not sure where to begin? You can't go wrong with reading the Conductor's journal entries in the&nbsp;Tales from the Rails series. Tales from the Rails Looking Ahead: Century ArcadesWork is already being done on the in-game arcade that will inhabit the Modern Century, providing another flavor of game experience while a player may be waiting for their Trains to arrive at their destined stations. The Modern Century arcade, “Choopy McBooper’s” will contain both OSO Interactive made mini-games, and community-member projects.Like any good arcade, these mini-games will issue tickets based on mini-game achievements that can be redeemed for special items from the Choopy McBooper’s Prize Wall. Oso Interactive is a 7-person team with a passion for games. Conductors Jake and Ryan regularly stream on Twitch to “hang out on the tracks,” do giveaways, and share sneak-peaks with fans of the project. There is much to come for OSO Interactive and Train of the Century.&nbsp; Watch Past Twitch Streams &nbsp;OSO INTERACTIVE IS:Ryan - Co Founder &amp; CTOJake - Co Founder &amp; Creative DirectorStefan - Lead Front End DeveloperJohn - Story DirectorScott - Front End DeveloperCris - Front End DeveloperShawn - Front End Developer&nbsp; Stay in the loopYou know what to do… PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2022 OSO Interactive | Train of the Century | All Rights Reserved 