 top of page Home Gameplay Collections Updates Team Backers More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Quests and Exploration Quests will be offered to you by NPCs that each have their own stories, or designed encounters when you get to certain places or meet specific conditions, which will slowly help you uncover the world of Treeverse. If you’re more of a courageous adventurer, you can also traverse the mysterious lands on your own and discover side quests at your own pace. Building and Forging Create your dream house on your personal plot of land and open it up to all adventurers, or keep it private and invite your friends or guild members to come visit and hang out. Or rather, gather rare resources, forge unique weapons, and trade them with other adventurers. Will you be a landlord or a master of forgery? Both are extremely desirable in Arboros. Meet the Team Here is the team at Endless Clouds focused on developing Treeverse. Some of our team members have contributed to games like&nbsp;League of Legends, Rainbow 6 Siege, Horizon Zero Dawn, Dark Souls 3,&nbsp;Marvel Spiderman... and are now excited to build Treeverse! Loop Founder / CEO Aizea Founder / CTO Scott Chin Art Director kdk Community Manager FadeKing Community Support Funcy Li Senior Technical Artist Woo Associate Art Director / Technical Artist Sean Chang Senior 3D Artist Sharon Lin Senior 3D Animator Luke Chiang Senior 3D Animator Drake Wong 3D Animator Jean Kuo Senior 3D Artist Kasper Zyner 3D Artist Moski 2D Concept Artist Pinglung Lai Concept Artist Zhengxing Hu Concept Artist Qiao Chang Concept Artist Anson Chao Senior VFX Artist Mohammad Ghalkhani Senior Unity Developer Neo Chen Senior Unity Developer Tanwen Senior Unity Developer Shen Huang Senior Game Designer Joyce Liu Project Manager Una Wang Senior System Designer Wunder Lee Level Designer Jade Huang Senior UI Designer Doreen Chen UI Lead Olivia Chung IT Recruiter Feili Chen Senior Unity Developer Josephine Lu Administration Executive Backers Gameplay Development Updates Monthly Update #1 Monthly Update #2 Monthly Update #3 Monthly Update #4 Monthly Update #5 Monthly Update #6 Monthly Update #7 Monthly Update #8 Monthly Update #9 Monthly Update #10 Monthly Update #11 Monthly Update #12 Monthly Update #13 Monthly Update #14 Monthly Update #15 Monthly Update #16 Monthly Update #17 Monthly Update #18 Monthly Update #19 What is Treeverse? In the Arboros continent, you own the assets you spend time grinding for.&nbsp; &nbsp; Start your journey in the city of Elderwall that is protected by the World Tree and immerse&nbsp;yourself in this world of mythical creatures surrounded by Jovians and&nbsp;Sidhe. Forge unique weapons with primal energy and slay bosses to test your skills. Treeverse is a top-down open-world classless MMORPG built for mobile with social features and an emphasis on cooperative gameplay. Collections Nftrees Nftrees produce unique fruit depending on the traits of the tree. Once an Nftree is placed, holders can set a&nbsp;price inside the game for the fruits that the trees bear and other players can buy from them. Consuming fruits gives minor temporary buffs to players. GO Plots Plots can be placed inside of Treeverse and built upon. Design your exterior and interior and&nbsp;teleport to your home whenever you want. Holders can also choose to rent out their plots to other adventurers&nbsp;given they pay the price set by the landlord. GO Timeless Timeless are unique anime characters that are purely cosmetic. Differentiate yourself from others with a clean badge and unique look. Timeless are CC0 and designed for multiple virtual worlds, including Treeverse. GO Cooperate and Fight If the thrill and excitement of combat is what you’re after, then you’ll find many places where you can battle mighty monsters on your own, or group up with your teammates against the more powerful foes. Fight your way to become the strongest adventurer in Treeverse, and prepare yourself for any challengers that may come out of the dark. Currently in development by Endless Clouds. Sign Up Is it F2P? Yes, when Treeverse officially launches, it will be free to play! Do I need a phone to play? Treeverse is designed for mobile, but we plan to port to PC at official launch. Will it be PVP? We are starting with PVE first, and then plan to build a PVP system in the future if all goes well. Will it be P2W? We are limiting P2W as much as we can. Collectibles that can be purchased&nbsp;hardly affect gameplay. When release? We are planning to launch our Alpha at the end of the year with a proof-of-concept. Sign up to keep up to date with any updated timelines. What are Collectibles? Collectibles are NFTs on the blockchain. You own these assets and can trade them whenever you want. Can I keep track of the game? You can follow along our development updates that are released monthly, where you can keep track on what the team has been working on. Where is the community? Our community is on Discord where you can speak with everyone excited about Treeverse. Join us! Any gameplay information? To understand more about the gameplay of Treeverse, we will release a game guide&nbsp;in the future. FAQ Home Gameplay Collections Updates Team Backers bottom of page 