 STORY HOW TO PLAY NFTS TOKEN WHITEPAPER STORY HOW TO PLAY NFTS TOKEN WHITEPAPER Buy $TRIVIA on Download Now and Start Winning $TRIVIA 1 Year from Launch of Trivians. 933K Registered Users 16M Games Played 14M Questions Answered 2M Powerups Used WELCOME TO “No Questions Will be Left Unanswered” Trivians is the new generation crypto-powered Trivia gaming platform. It is a metaverse, where players play as Trivian characters and earn Trivian Token for their achievements. HOW TO PLAY Get Ticket for Bigger Prizes You can always purchase tickets with your Trivian coins and attend closed games. Closed games offer much more coin awards compared to free-to-play games. Stake &amp; Attend Special Events Every day, there will be special games for those who hold and stake Trivian Coins. These games won’t require tickets but give away large prizes. Buy Powerups &amp; NFTs to win more You can always purchase certain items with your Trivian coins within our marketplace. You can purchase powerups to win more. NFTs will be available soon in our Marketplace, offering a variety of buffs and bonuses. Compete, Learn, Earn Compete against other players or the timer to achieve top spots and earn Trivia coins. Even if you can’t win the game, don’t worry! You’ll get reward coins for each question you answer correctly. Different Game Modes You can pick from several game modes to maximize your earnings and joy. Every game mode is available both multiplayer and single player. Battle Royale, Team Challenges, 1vs1 Challenges and much more will be available in Trivians. Free to Play Trivians is a free-to-play game. You can just download the app and start winning and earning! Get Ticket for Bigger Prizes You can always purchase tickets with your Trivian coins and attend closed games. Closed games offer much more coin awards compared to free-to-play games. Stake &amp; Attend Special Events Every day, there will be special games for those who hold and stake Trivian Coins. These games won’t require tickets but give away large prizes. Buy Powerups &amp; NFTs to win more You can always purchase certain items with your Trivian coins within our marketplace. You can purchase powerups to win more. NFTs will be available soon in our Marketplace, offering a variety of buffs and bonuses. Compete, Learn, Earn Compete against other players or the timer to achieve top spots and earn Trivia coins. Even if you can’t win the game, don’t worry! You’ll get reward coins for each question you answer correctly. Different Game Modes You can pick from several game modes to maximize your earnings and joy. Every game mode is available both multiplayer and single player. Battle Royale, Team Challenges, 1vs1 Challenges and much more will be available in Trivians. Free to Play Trivians is a free-to-play game. You can just download the app and start winning and earning! prev next prev next NFT CHARACTERS NFT Characters will be available very soon. These avatars are unique. Each of them is specially designed both in an artistic way and impacts the game. prev next NFT ITEMS NFT Items will be available very soon. These items are designed uniquely and give Trivians special powers. prev next © 2023- 3K Mobile Games. All rights reserved. Contact hello@trivians.io for collaborations, support@trivians.io for your questions and problems. 