 Home Features Roadmap FAQ Tron Web3 Domains Your Perfect Multi-chain Identity Get your favorite your domains and create your identity profile Search Mint Tron Domains Mint BitTorrent Domains Your key to the Tron Ecosystem Send and receive crypto with a unique and memorable .trx name. Add your profile, avatar, and social links. Your NFT Domains belong to you - that means No Renewal Fees Ever. Great Features Your NFT Avatar Easily set your picture as your avatar. Show anywhere supported NFT avatars. Public Profile Include publicly visible profile information in your trx domains such as: websites, links, and social networks. Unlimited Subdomains Create unlimited subdomains, manage and share subdomains easily. Custom Data Store a variety of custom data records that can be expanded later. NFT Gallery NFT Galleries where you can display and share your personal NFT collections. Transfer Tron domains Transfer Tron domains between (domains or addresses) very easily. TRON Domains Integration Integrate tron domains into your DAPP, Wallet, Web3.0 and other web projects. This will make the Dapp more user-friendly. 1 Domains 1 Ecosystem 1 Users Roadmap Q 1 2022 . Q 2 2022 Public Website: https://trxdomainz.xyz Public Twitter: https://twitter.com/trxdomains. Launch Testnet Program. Open Public-Sale. Features: Public Profile, Your NFT Avatar, Social Channel. Q3-Q4 2022 List tron domains on ApeNFT.io (NFT Marketplaces). Build SDKs and Documentation for Third-party. Update Features: SubDomains, Multi Wallet Address, NFT Galleries... Launch Organization(DAO) will govern the management of domain policy and resources gained from domain payments. $TRXD will be designed, tested, minted. Smart Contracts Audited by third-party. Q1-Q2 2023 $TRXD Token will be Airdrop to domain owners. $TRXD will be used in the DAO voting process. Launch $TRXD Staking &amp; Farming Programs. List $TRXD on CEX exchanges. Frequently asked questions 01. What is blockchain domain? A blockchain domain is an on the blockchain. Blockchain domains are designed to resolve your web address and wallet using smart contracts. This is a useful step in your crypto journey. 02. Can I transfer my blockchain domains? Yes. trx domains are build on TRC721 (NFT), you can transfer it using an TRC721 enabled wallet. 03. Does tron domain blockchain domains compatible with ICANN traditional domains? No. tron domains are built using blockchain technology, It can help you to launch distributed web which traditional domains cannot do. 04. How to connect TronLink wallet? Connect TronLink: Coming Soon 05. Can tron domains be traded on NFT exchange? Yes, tron domains may be traded on NFT marketplaces ApeNFT.io in the soon 06. How much does it cost to register? Costs are set at the following rate: +5 characters 4 characters 3 characters 2 characters 2, 3, 4 chars cost more because of limited quantity. Your key to the Tron Ecosystem Send and receive crypto with a unique and memorable tron name. Add your profile, avatar, and social links. Your NFT Domains belong to you - that means No Renewal Fees Ever. Copyright © 2022 Tron Web3 Domains. All Rights Reserved. 