 Home Energy Support Affiliate Info Login Register What is NRG? About Blog Audit NRG &amp; community DAO on Tron Tron energy exchange NRG allows you to rent or provide energy. Easily buy and sell Tron energy through the NRG &amp; community DAO, which its users govern. Rent energy Why use NRG? NRG is an autonomous system allowing users to provide and rent energy on Tron. 70% of each sale goes to providers, while 5% in the future will go into a community fund. Once the fund grows, Tron projects can then submit a funding proposal, which NRG providers can vote for in a part decentralized way. The NRG sales system is phase one which has been rolled out. The community DAO will be launched by the end of Q4 2024. Find out more Earn TRX by becoming a provider Secure, autonomous Every provider and sale benefits the Tron eco-system Grow your fund! Energy providers Sharing your energy will allow you to grow your fund while generating revenue in a self-sustainable model designed to support the growth of the Tron ecosystem. What providers get 70% of energy sale 5% Goes to the community fund NRG Token Stable &amp; Governance NRG is a stable coin exchangeable for TRX 1:1, giving providers votes within the DAO and community project proposals. NRG allows providers to earn from their energy sales. NRG requires a three-day unlocking period ensuring that open orders are able to complete while marinating system stability. Here’s how it works It’s Simple Swap TRX for NRG then enjoy 70% of the revenue. Provide and receive NRG Swap now Claim commission Join now Earn NRG providers receive 70% Watch our explainer video It's easy to get started Let's see how it work Watch Video Now 2:32 minutes Tron P2P energy rental service and decentralised community springboard Company About Us Partner with NRG Affiliate Login Support FAQ Telegram Energy What is NRG? Blog Policy Cookie policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact info@tronnrg.com Email: info@tronnrg.com TronNRG 10946576 Copyright 2023. All rights reserved NRG English Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी العربية ਪੰਜਾਬੀ 简体中文 Deutsch Français Tiếng Việt Español en 