 Connect Wallet Our Plan Referral Program Why Tron Shark About Us 1.5% daily roi MIN: 200 to ∞ TRX Initial capital blocked period: 0 Days withdraw dividends period: every second Contract duration: every second Total return: ∞ Marketing fee: 3% Referral bonus: NO Invest Your Deposit:&nbsp;0 TRX Your Dividends:&nbsp;0 TRX Withdraw Dividends 2.5% daily roi MIN: 200 to ∞ TRX Initial capital blocked period: 45 Days withdraw dividends period: every second Contract duration: 45 Days Total return: 113 % Marketing fee: 2 % Referral bonus: Yes Invest Your Deposit:&nbsp; 0 TRX Your Dividends:&nbsp;0 TRX Withdraw Dividends 3% daily roi MIN: 200 to ∞ TRX Initial capital blocked period: 55 Days withdraw dividends period: every second Contract duration: 55 Days Total return: 165 % Marketing fee: 1.5% Referral bonus: Yes Invest Your Deposit:&nbsp;0 TRX Your Dividends:&nbsp;0 TRX Withdraw Dividends 3.5% daily roi MIN: 200 to ∞ TRX Initial capital blocked period: 65 Days withdraw dividends period: every second Contract duration: 65 Days Total return: 228 % Marketing fee: 1 % Referral bonus: Yes Invest Your Deposit:&nbsp;0 TRX Your Dividends:&nbsp;0 TRX Withdraw Dividends Total Your Earn 0 TRX Withdraw All Dividends Referral Program Level 1 5% Referral Rewards Your Ref.Count: Level 2 3% Referral Rewards Your Ref.Count: Level 3 2% Referral Rewards Your Ref.Count: Level 4 2% Referral Rewards Your Ref.Count: Total Deposits 11,110,339 Total Referral Earnings 694,624Total Dividends29921 Why Tron Shark ? Features And Benefits Of The Collection 100% Decentralized We have created first-ever fully decentralized trading Bot that runs solely on the blockchain and is built on Tron smart-contract. Immediate Rewards Tron Shark smart-contract processes the rewards in cryptocurrency within the matrix structures immediately to the participants and doesn’t store any funds itself. Unstoppable Tron blockchain store and handle all the transactions, hence there is no one who can stop the smart-contract from working or alter its logic in any way. About Us Tron Shark is one of the best crypto trading platforms as it allows anyone to trade after depositing at least 200 TRX. Tron Shark automatically copies the trades of the world's biggest traders. This is an automatic trade copying system. Tron Shark finds the most successful traders in the world and copies their trades for you. That's why Tron Shark is always making profit. So you don't need to be familiar with trading. The world's biggest traders, trade for you. By the way you can get rewards by referring your friends to us. By expanding Tron Shark, you can receive profits from your friends' transactions forever. Head Office Address 2 Maude St, Sandton, Gauteng, South Africa Download TronLink: AndroidiOSGoogle CHROME 