We're sorry but trooperz-ui doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. The project Marketplace T-City Ecosystem Your Trooperz SYNC The project The project Marketplace Marketplace T City T City The Town The Town Kabu Kabu Shibu Shibu Aki Aki Juku Juku Your Trooperz Your Trooperz Social Social Discord Discord Twitter Twitter Other Other GalleryV0 GalleryV0 Tcorp Staking Service Tcorp Staking Service Roadmap Roadmap Why Tezos ? Why Tezos ? The Crew The Crew Unique Trooperz Unique Trooperz Scalable Attributes Scalable Attributes Contract Infos Contract Infos closecloseWhat is Trooperz?Trooperz are coming! 1 City, 4 Districts, 3201 Trooperz are coming with more than 20 attributes and 400 elements. Trooperz are a generative collection of NFTs. Each of the Trooperz has unique, randomly generated characters, each with a rarity rate. The Trooperz will come in the form of an FA2 Token on the Tezos blockchain. What can i do with my Trooperz?Join the club! Trooperz NFTs are central to the entire Trooperz universe, and their possession makes you a member of the Trooperz Club and will provide you with access to benefits and exclusives throughout your adventure in this universe. The Trooperz will be at the center of an original, exciting and playful Cyberpunk universe, and give their owners the title of member of the Trooperz Club. RoadmapArt, Collect, and Play We aim to create an original, exciting and playful Cyberpunk universe, centered around the Trooperz and the Trooperz Club. Our ultimate goal is to offer collectors different ways to interact with their Trooperz, across different media, through art and game. Trooperz will be at the center of an Art And Play system, where you send your Trooperz on missions, and earn rewards that allow you to collect other NFTs. We have the ambition to create a long term project and to develop the Trooperz universe as far as we can ! done Community launch done First whitelist done Website launch done Making the Trooperz done Making the training mode done Listing on Objkt Step 1 - Builddone 19 May Presale done 20 May Presale + reveal button available done 21 May Public sale done Trooperz Gallery Step 2 - Collectdone Collect T-COINS in training mode done Trooperz Club Marketplace done Collectibles NFTs in the Trooperz universe Step 3 - Playhandyman Making Trooperz - the playable game rocket_launch Collabs rocket_launch Fun Contest on social networks rocket_launch Expending our universe as far as possible Step 4 - And MoreManifesto !Welcome to T-City Welcome to T-City, a dystopian universe but also a caricature of a world filled with excess.The Trooperz are the main actors of this original, exciting and playful Cyberpunk universe. Owning a Trooperz will make you a member of the Trooperz Club.We want to offer our collectors different ways to interact with their Trooperz obviously on social media but also through art and games.We will develop a healthy community, organically, which will slowly take control of the Trooperz universe.In our mind, the Trooperz are not only another PFPs NFTs project. It's a universe in which NFTs and Tezos blockchain gave us the opportunity to create.That’s why we truly believe in the power of NFTs and Tezos.Made by NFTs Loverz, for NFTs Loverz, we also want to create a new space for Tezos artists to share their work, through our discord and our Trooperz Club future marketplace.Join the adventure by collecting Trooperz NFTs and become an exclusive member of the Trooperz Club.Join our universe and become actors on this project.We are all Trooperz ! Why Tezos ? A transaction on Tezos consumes almost 2,000,000 times less energy than on Ethereum or Bitcoin. This makes it a clean blockchain, but also allows users to avoid breaking the bank in gas fees.In addition, it is a scalable and truly decentralized blockchain that has proven to be future-proof. The CrewHeyJ0 Artist and Co-Founder @HeyJ0_ DiNow Software engineer and Co-Founder @_quentinGary Relics Marketing &amp; Communication @Relics_OG Mikoo Universe builder @MickaT6959 T-City T-City is a cybernetic and dark city, plagued by injustice and corruption. Here, corporations rule the nations (around the world), and the line between good and bad guys is thin.4 gangs dominate T-City : Kabu, Aki, Shibu &amp; Juku. Their members are called the Trooperz. Masters of martial arts and experts in cybernetic technologies, the Trooperz defend the interests of their gang, at the risk of their lives. Discover 6 unique Trooperz in the collection! They are the main characters of the Trooperz universe. Zero Zero, leader of the Aki, is the most unstable of the 4 gang leaders he watches with jealousy. He is feared for his unpredictable side. Strategist and manipulator: he is also gifted in science and specializes in genetic manipulation. Jugo Jugo: leader of the Jukus, he is calm and thoughtful but also a 'calculating' individual. He strives to organize large-scale cyber attacks to shake up the established order. Jugo seeks above all the prosperity of its peers... Matsuri Matsuri, the legendary leader of T-City's thieves... He doesn't hesitate to commit all kinds of baseness to achieve his ends. His ruthlessness allowed him to establish himself as the leader of the the Kabu's gang. Matsumoto Matsumoto: he is the leader of the Shibu's gang composed of T-City's most fearsome assassins. Known for his impulsiveness and violence, he nonetheless strives to follow the old Yakuza rules and puts honor above all else. Jun Meet Jun 順, obedience in Japanese. Despite his young age, this member of Shibu quickly drawn Matsumoto's attention with his many skills, untill making him his protege. What is certain is that Jun has something special. By the way Jun will be at the heart of the comics. Adam Adam is the leader of the T-CORP. He controls and manipulates T-City. We don't know much about him, he has a very discreet personality, operating in the shadows... Kabu Smuggler, cybernetic and arms dealer, legend has it that every deal in T-City benefits Kabu in one way or another.Knowing your products well is the basis for being a good seller, which is why they are true masters in the handling of firearms. Shibu Contract killers, mercenaries and close combat experts, the Shibu’s will be your best allies if your intention is to eliminate a target. They follow their code of honor to the letter. Methodical and efficient, they are real killing machines. Aki Scammers and con artists at the service of the Corpos, always in the wrong places. Theft and scam are their specialties, they never hesitate to trade their honor for money.They took control of the Aki neighborhood after a deal with T-Corp in 3007, bizarrely right after the murder of the entire board of directors of Satoni Tech. Juku Cryptography experts and always ready to get a new cybernetic prosthesis, it is said that they were responsible for the hack that ended the Global Web in 3005.No one really knows what their goals are, but we know they always take pleasure in putting obstacles in the way of the Corpos. Scalable attribute In addition to the classic attributes stored in their metadata, Trooperz have upgradeable attributes. These evolve over time, following their actions in the game, or by using consumables that will be available in the marketplace. They allow access to more dangerous missions but also to obtain more rewards. Hacking Specialty of Juku, it characterizes the ability of the Trooperz to use and divert the computer systems of T-City for their own interest, and often against their enemies.Trooperz skilled in hacking are able to annihilate their enemies just by hijacking their cybernetic device or electronic equipment.Don't trust your T-Bot if a Trooperz skilled in hacking is against you… Trickery Specialty of Aki. The Trooperz are generally simple beings, big kids who go from fun to violence depending on the events of their daily lives...But some are smarter than others, and maybe even a little too much. They take advantage of the credulity and naivety of other Trooperz, but also of the weaknesses of the system, to enrich themselves and achieve their ends. These Trooperz naturally have a high trickery rate. Close combat Specialty of Shibu, it determines the mastery of martial arts, the talents in street fighting of the Trooperz, but also their ability to use bladed weapons. The Trooperz who are good in close combat only need their hands to overcome their enemies, but always have at least one bladed weapon with them if the situation gets a little too bad… Firearms Specialty of Kabu. Do you like big guns? The explosions? Do you think the quality of a Trooperz is determined by the size of its weapons? If so, chances are your firearms level is high. Energy Energy allows Trooperz to perform actions, such as training or going on missions. They lose energy doing this, and when they do, they no longer gain rewards. Fortunately, they can rest to recover some! Who said everything was dark in T city? XP Experience allows Trooperz to level up, and get more rewards during missions. It is acquired by training vigorously and assiduously, qualities unfortunately still rare in T city. Marketplace and contract Infos Crowdsale : KT1HARGWmKVZZKyni3AeDnMuL6aeD3c7BTVt NFT Token : KT1BYKSPZxtmLQrJKZW455qzvKbsTGrcuuAR Objkt : https://objkt.com/collection/trooperz_genesis Rarible : https://rarible.com/collection/tezos/KT1BYKSPZxtmLQrJKZW455qzvKbsTGrcuuAR/items MORE...Try the Trooperz Arcade Mini Game! Trooperz Arcade Link Trooperz GenesisBuild With On TezosFollow us on TwitterJoin us on Discord