 REDEEM YOUR TRUMP DIGITAL TRADING CARDS SERIES 1 PRIZE NFTs AT WINTRUMPPRIZES.com TAKE&nbsp;ME&nbsp;THERE OFFICIAL MERCHANDISE STORE SHOP NOW! T-SHIRTS MUGS Tumblers OFFICIAL MERCHANDISE STORE SHOP NOW! POSTERS FRAMED&nbsp;PRINTS Canvas Art Blankets OFFICIAL MERCHANDISE STORE SHOP NOW! T-SHIRTS MUGS Tumblers OFFICIAL MERCHANDISE STORE SHOP NOW! POSTERS FRAMED&nbsp;PRINTS Canvas Art Blankets SOLD OUT Home SOLD&nbsp;OUT TRUMP Collect Trump Cards.com SERIES 2 IS SOLD OUT. ‍ Join The TRUMP Card Community By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge to receive marketing emails from CollectTrumpCards. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For more information, view our privacy policy . Trump Digital Trading Cards (NFTs) are intended as collectible items for individual enjoyment only, not for investment vehicles. * indicates required First Name * Email Address * Name Email Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Series 2 Digital Trading Cards. Only $ 99! Collect your own rare digital collectible Trading Card (NFT) by President Trump. ‍ Series 2 Now Available. ‍ These are just like baseball cards, but you collect them digitally, on your computer or phone. All you need is an email address and a credit card or crypto to start collecting 1, 10, 20 or 100. Instantly become part of a new league of collectors. ‍ SOLD&nbsp;OUT Only $ 99 Trump Digital Trading Cards (NFTs) are intended as collectible items for individual enjoyment only, not for investment vehicles. SEE Some of the Amazing Trump SERIES 2 Trading Cards Each Series 2 Trump Digital Trading Card has a unique pre-assigned rarity. Some will be one-of-ones (the only one in the world), while others will be limited. No Trump Digital Trading Card will have more than 10 copies in existence! You can sell or trade your Digital Trading Cards &amp; sweepstakes prizes online. You can continue to grow and expand your library, and collect all the different magnificent Trading Cards. This is Your Chance to BUY a Series 2 Trump Digital Trading Card for only $ 99! --&gt; Once they'RE sold out, they will begin to trade whatever the market will bear. &gt;&gt; Series 1 Sold Out in Hours. Don't Miss Out on Series 2. Still&nbsp;Only $ 99. SOLD&nbsp;OUT HOW&nbsp;IT&nbsp;WORKS STEP 1 Store Your Trump Cards You'll need an email address to store your Trump Cards. &nbsp;It takes only 1 minute. STEP 2 Purchase Your Trump Cards Select how many Trump Digital Trading Cards you'd like and check out with a credit card, it's fast and easy. Or if you prefer to pay with crypto, no problem. Pay with ETH (WETH) during checkout. STEP 3 Receive Your Cards Once you successfully check out, your Trump Digital Trading Cards will be minted and delivered to your digital wallet. Log into your wallet (simply with your email address) to see which cards you've received. STEP 1 STEP 1: Store Your Trump Cards You'll need an email address to store your Trump Cards. &nbsp;It takes only 1 minute. STEP 2 STEP 2: Purchase Your Trump Cards Select how many Trump Digital Trading Cards you would like. Then check out with a credit card. It's fast and easy. Or if you prefer to pay with crypto, no problem. Pay with ETH (WETH) during checkout. STEP 3 STEP 3: Receive Your Cards Once you successfully check out, your Trump Digital Trading Cards will be minted and delivered to your digital wallet. Log into your wallet (simply with your email address) to see which cards you've received. From The 45th President Of The United States “Now you can own my limited edition trading card, featuring a stunning artwork commissioned and overseen by me. I’m very excited by my first official collection. Each one-of-a-kind Digital Trading Card (NFT) is numbered, so there will never be another one exactly like yours.” - Donald J. Trump With each card able to be traded and sold, it’s easy to see the appeal of this rare opportunity. AMAZING OFFER BUY&nbsp;47 DIGITAL TRADING&nbsp;Cards and YOU&nbsp;GET A&nbsp;TICKET TO&nbsp;A dinner with the president Mar- A - Lago, Florida Where: the President'S RESIDENCE AND EXCLUSIVE CLUB President Trump's Inauguration-Worn Tie The lucky winner will get the tie that Donald J Trump, the 45th President of the US, wore when he was inaugurated on January 20, 2016. Meet the President, Private Tour &amp; Lunch at Mar-A-Lago This is your once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to tour Mar-a-Largo and visit with Pres. Donald J. Trump in person! Trump Follows YOU on Truth Social! That’s right. DJT’s official Truth Social account will follow you. Signed Posters of the Artwork Join Donald on the green for an exclusive 1-hour of golf with your 2 closest friends. Miami Dinner with Trump Spend a memorable evening in Miami for an exclusive dinner hosted by Trump. Group Cocktail Hour and a Gala Dinner with President Trump Experience a meet &amp; greet with President Trump before your Gala Dinner. Individual Zoom Call or Meeting in Person With Donald Speak directly with Donald Trump on a private Zoom call or come in to meet the President in person to ask questions you've always wanted to ask. Handwritten Note from the Desk of President Trump The Donald is going to personally write you a note on his special Trump stationary that he keeps on his desk, sent directly to your home. SOLD&nbsp;OUT HAVE Dinner with the president Just BUY&nbsp;47 CARDS! What's it like at MAr- a -Lago, the president's residence and exclusive club? You'll find out as an invited guest to this extraordinary dinner held in Palm Beach, Florida. Dubbed The Winter White House, you'll enjoy a once-in-a-lifetime experience at The President's historic residence and exclusive members only club. This event will be a memory you will talk about forever! President Donald Trump will host an extraordinary evening for some very special Trump Trading Card holders. There will be entertainment and fine dining with The 45th President of The United States. BONUS OFFER! THIS&nbsp;WILL&nbsp;SELL&nbsp;OUT! BONUS YOU GET&nbsp;A&nbsp;TICKET to attend the Gala Dinner with Trump in Mar-a-Lago. PLUS get 47 Digital Trading Cards. Subject to the Terms &amp; Conditions . While supplies last. NFT Buyers USING&nbsp;CRYPTO Only 38 Remaining AND&nbsp;YOU'RE GUARANTEED to get a hand signed Autographed Digital Trading Card (NFT) from the President himself! (limited quantities). ‍ PLUS You get one ticket to attend the Gala Dinner with Trump in Mar-a-Lago. PLUS Get 100 Digital Trading Cards. Subject to the Terms &amp; Conditions. BONUS YOU GET&nbsp;A&nbsp;ONE-OF-ONE Digital Trading Card (NFT). Limited Quantities. PLUS You get one ticket to attend the Gala Dinner with Trump in Mar-a-Lago. PLUS Get 100 Digital Trading Cards. Limited to the first 50 people who buy 100 cards in one transaction. NFT Buyers Using Crypto Only. Subject to the Terms &amp; Conditions. While supplies last. Buy 100 Digital Trading CardS ( NFT s ) AND&nbsp;YOU'RE GUARANTEED to get a hand signed digital autographed NFT from the President himself! (limited quantities) PLUS you get one ticket to attend the Gala Dinner with Trump in South Florida. PLUS get 100 entries into the sweepstakes! PLUS get 100 Digital Trading Cards. Subject to the Terms &amp; Conditions and Official Sweepstakes Rules. Just For Crypto Buyers Buy 45 Digital Trading CardS ( NFT s ) AND&nbsp;YOU'RE GUARANTEED a ticket to attend the Gala Dinner with Trump in South Florida. PLUS get 45 entries into the sweepstakes! PLUS get 45 Digital Trading Cards. Subject to the Terms &amp; Conditions and Official Sweepstakes Rules. Only 1 valid transaction per purchaser. Secure Your Digital Trading Card For Just $ 99 Buy your trading card with a major credit card or crypto. All you need is an email address. Now just $ 99 dollars each. Buy 1, 10, 20 or 100. SOLD&nbsp;OUT Trump Digital Trading Cards (NFTs) are intended as collectible items for individual enjoyment only, not for investment vehicles . You can sell or trade your Digital Trading Cards &amp; sweepstakes prizes online. You can continue to grow and expand your library, and collect all the different magnificent Trading Cards. This is Your Chance to BUY a Series 2 Trump Digital Trading Card for only $ 99! --&gt; Once they'RE sold out, they will begin to trade whatever the market will bear. &gt;&gt; Series 1 Sold Out in Hours. Don't Miss Out. Still&nbsp;Only $ 99. SOLD&nbsp;OUT FREQUENTLY ASKED&nbsp;QUESTIONS How to get a ticket to dinner with President Trump? Purchase 47 Digital Trading Cards today and get one ticket to attend the Gala Dinner with Trump in South Florida. You will also receive 47 Digital Trading Cards. If you buy 100 cards with Crypto you will also get one ticket to Gala Dinner. Subject to the Terms &amp; Conditions and Gala Dinner Terms and Conditions. I’m having trouble accessing my Trump Digital Trading Card with my Tor.us Wallet. Can you help? We made it easy to store and access your #TrumpCards. Our friends at Tor.us put together this helpful guide . What is a Trump Digital Trading Card? For the first time, you can celebrate the life and career of President Donald Trump through his First Official Digital Trading Card Collection. Some people call these NFTs (non-fungible tokens) because each Trump Digital Trading Card has a unique identifier that cannot be copied, is recorded on a blockchain, and can be used to certify authenticity as well as ownership. But essentially, these are personal digital collectibles or “trading cards” that you can collect, accumulate, trade, etc. Think of them like traditional baseball or basketball cards but stored digitally so you never have to worry about physical damage. Series 1 of the Trump Digital Trading cards was released in December 2022 with 45,000 cards in the collection. Series 2 was released in 2023 with 47,000 cards in the collection. How much do the Digital Trading Cards cost? Each Trump Digital Trading Card is $99 USD, plus the low transactional fee required to interact with the Polygon blockchain. This fee is commonly known as a “gas fee.” Depending on your location, sales tax may also be charged on your purchase. Can I buy Trump Digital Trading Cards with my credit card? Yes, we’ve made it so you can buy Donald Trump Digital Trading Cards with your credit card! We’ve made the entire purchase process as easy as making any other purchase online. You can only use one credit card to make a purchase. Can I buy Trump Digital Trading Cards with cryptocurrency? Absolutely. You can buy your Donald Trump Digital Trading Cards with Wrapped Ether. (WETH) Why do I need a crypto wallet to purchase Trump Digital Trading Cards? Crypto wallets allow you to transfer and store your cryptocurrency and digital collectibles, like these Trump Digital Trading Cards. A crypto wallet is similar to having a safe for your physical collectibles or a filing cabinet for your important papers.&nbsp; It’s a place to store your digital assets.&nbsp; The good news if you don’t have a wallet is you can create one simply and quickly with your email address. We’ve teamed up with Tor.us to get you set up in a couple of minutes during the checkout process. It’s so easy and fast.&nbsp; If you already have a wallet, such as a MetaMask or Coinbase Wallet, you’re ready to go. Choose “Connect Wallet” at checkout and pay with crypto as you would any other NFT/digital collectible.&nbsp; Why do I need to perform a KYC/AML check if I'm paying with cryptocurrency? KYC is an acronym for “know your customer”, or “know your client”. It involves the verification of a customer's identity. Identity verification requires information that can be used to verify your identity, like a valid Drivers License, a passport, etc. ‍ If you do not complete the KYC process, you will not be able to Purchase your Trump Digital Collectible with cryptocurrency. ‍ Know Your Customer (KYC) regulations are mandatory for major cryptocurrency exchanges, financial institutions and CollectTrumpCards because it ensures they comply with regulatory rules and laws. Additionally, CollectTrumpCards remains anti-money laundering (AML) compliant. ‍ CollectTrumpCards has partner with Sumsub, a leading platform in identity verification that works with many partners in the cryptocurrency space. ‍ CollectTrumpCards is dedicated to maintaining KYC &amp; AML compliance for transactions. Although you may not enjoy full anonymity during cryptocurrency transactions, CollectTrumpCards remain KYC compliant for the sake of protecting their users and complying with regulations. I already know a lot about NFTs. What Blockchain are these minted on? Trump Digital Trading Cards are minted on the Polygon blockchain.&nbsp; The Polygon blockchain describes itself as eco-friendly and carbon neutral, which makes it better for the environment. How long does it take to receive my Trump Digital Trading Cards in my digital wallet? Once you complete your purchase of your Trump Digital Trading Cards (NFTs), CollectTrumpCards will send you an email with your Trump Trading Card/s. Please be patient! There is A LOT of interest in CollectTrumpCards.com, so it may take up to several hours to deliver the Digital Trading Card to your wallet. Can I sell or trade my Trump Digital Trading Card? You have the ability to trade or sell your Trump Digital Trading Card directly with your friends or on any secondary marketplace that accepts Polygon-based NFTs/digital collectibles. On each secondary sale of a Trump Digital Trading Card, there will be a 10% royalty on the sale price that will be paid back to the creator. Digital Trading Cards (NFTs) are intended as collectible items for individual enjoyment only, not for investment vehicles. Please be aware that the prices of NFTs are extremely volatile, and price fluctuations in cryptocurrencies could impact the price of your NFTs both positively and negatively. We make absolutely no promise or guarantee that the NFTs will increase in value or maintain the same value as the amount you paid to purchase same. You understand and agree that the NFTs have no inherent monetary value, and they should be treated as nothing more than a collectible. No information on our website is or should be considered advice or an invitation to enter into an agreement for any investment purpose. Further, no element of the website or NFTs qualifies or is intended to be an offering of securities in any jurisdiction, nor does it constitute an offer or an invitation to purchase shares, securities, or other financial products. It remains your sole and exclusive responsibility to assure that the purchase and sale of NFTs, and the use of cryptocurrencies, complies with laws and regulations in your jurisdiction. SEE OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FULL DISCLAIMER How many Trump Digital Trading Cards are there? In Series 1, released in December 2022, only 45,000 Trump Digital Trading Cards were minted. 44,000 of them were made available for sale here on CollectTrumpCards.com . In Series 2, 47,000 all new Trump Digital Trading Cards were minted. 46,000 of them were made available for sale. How rare is my Trump Digital Trading Card? Each Series 2 Trump Digital Trading Card has a unique re-assigned rarity. Some will be one-of-ones (the only one in the world), while others will be limited. None will be more than 10! Are the Signed Trump Digital Trading Cards individually signed by the President? Yes, the Autographed Cards are digitally hand signed by the President himself! When will I receive my One-Of-One Trump Digital Trading Card? If you were one of the first 50 buyers of 100 cards using crypto, we will be in touch with you in 60 days. This will be a One-Of-One Trump Digital Trading Card that is separate from the Series 2 collection! Can I select which Trump Digital Trading Card I want? The Trump Digital Trading Cards are randomly generated and delivered, so you won't know which card you receive until you check your wallet after purchase. There are hundreds of different cards featuring President Trump, each with its own rarity. No more than 10 copies exist of any single card. Are there physical copies created of these Trump Trading Cards? No. These are strictly digital collectibles to personally enjoy, collect, and trade. Digital Trading Cards (NFTs) are intended as collectible items for individual enjoyment only, not for investment vehicles. Please be aware that the prices of NFTs are extremely volatile, and price fluctuations in cryptocurrencies could impact the price of your NFTs both positively and negatively. We make absolutely no promise or guarantee that the NFTs will increase in value or maintain the same value as the amount you paid to purchase same. You understand and agree that the NFTs have no inherent monetary value, and they should be treated as a collectible. No information on our website is or should be considered advice or an invitation to enter into an agreement for any investment purpose. Further, no element of the website or NFTs qualifies or is intended to be an offering of securities in any jurisdiction, nor does it constitute an offer or an invitation to purchase shares, securities, or other financial products. It remains your sole and exclusive responsibility to assure that the purchase and sale of NFTs, and the use of cryptocurrencies, complies with laws and regulations in your jurisdiction. SEE&nbsp;OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FULL DISCLAIMER How many Trump Digital Trading Cards can I purchase? Using a credit card you can buy up to 47 per purchaser. Using crypto you can buy up to 100 maximum per purchaser. Do I own the IP to my Trump Digital Trading Artwork? When you purchase a Trump Digital Trading Card, you may obtain certain ownership rights in and to the specific image depicted in the NFT as it resides on the blockchain; provided, however, that certain restrictions shall apply with respect to use of same, and that purchaser shall have only a limited license to the individual layered files, traits, and digital works associated with same (collectively, “Digital Object(s)”). All Material is owned or licensed by or to the seller (NFT INT LLC) and is protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including, but not limited to, intellectual property) rights. Except as expressly provided in the Terms and Conditions, no part of the Material may be reproduced, recorded, retransmitted, sold, rented, broadcast, distributed, published, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, altered to make new works, performed, digitized, compiled, translated or transmitted in any way to any other computer, Website or other medium or for any commercial purpose, without prior express written consent. Except as expressly provided herein, you are not granted any rights or license to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, rights of publicity or trademarks with respect to any of the Material. The posting of information or material on the Website does not constitute a waiver of any right in or to such information and/or materials, and we reserve all rights not expressly granted hereunder. What is so special about this Digital Trading Card Collection? Unlike fan art you may see elsewhere, these are the only authorized Trump Digital Trading Cards ever created. CollectTrumpCards.com is the only place to mint digital trading cards officially licensed and approved by President Trump. Who designed the Trump Digital Trading Cards? Award winning illustrator Clark Mitchell designed the beautiful imagery of Series 1 and Series 2 Trump Digital Trading Cards. With over 40 years of digital illustration and design, Clark has built a one-of-a-kind career. He has prominent working relationships with brands such as Star Wars, Hasbro, Mattel, Marvel, Time Magazine, Coors, Budweiser, Disney, Corona, and Coca-Cola. His journey has also led him into the sports and entertainment fields designing for the NBA, NFL, MLB, movies, musicians, professional athletes, and much more. What is the refund policy? There are no refunds. All sales of Trump Digital Trading Cards are final. What is the shipping policy? All Trump Digital Trading Cards are delivered electronically. Once you complete your purchase of your Trading Cards, you will receive the necessary link to view your item. Instructions to access your card in your digital wallet can be found here . Trump Digital Trading Cards are not delivered physically! I have a question. Who should I contact? Submit Request Here How many different cards are there? In Series 1, a maximum of 45,000 NFTs were minted during the Sweepstakes Entry Period, including a maximum of 44,000 NFTs available for purchase during the Sweepstakes Entry Period. In Series 2, there is a maximum of 47,000 NFTs available to be minted (there is no sweepstakes entry entry period for Series 2). When and where is The Gala Dinner? The location will be in South Florida.&nbsp; We will give you at least 30 day's notice to plan your trip. All costs and expenses associated with the Live Event made available to Digital Trading Card owners including, but not limited to, all federal, state, and local taxes, air and ground transportation, gratuities, airline luggage charges, incidentals, upgrades, insurance, service charges, and other misc. travel expenses are the sole and exclusive responsibility of those that attend the Gala Dinner (Black Tie is optional). Is there a Sweepstakes associated with Series 2 of Trump Digital Trading Cards? No, Series 2 does not have a Sweepstakes. The official rules from the Series 1 sweepstakes can be found here . Info on the Prizes in the Series 1 sweepstakes can be found here . Is any of the money from this collection going to the Donald J. Trump campaign for President? NO. &nbsp;These Digital Trading Cards are not political and have nothing to do with any political campaign. NFT INT LLC is not owned, managed or controlled by Donald J. Trump, The Trump Organization, CIC Digital LLC or any of their respective principals or affiliates. NFT INT LLC uses Donald J. Trump's name, likeness and image under paid license from CIC Digital LLC, which license may be terminated or revoked according to its terms. Collect a part of history. Win amazing prizes. Join Trump’s exclusive community. SOLD OUT © 2023 NFT INT LLC. All Rights Reserved Terms and Conditions Gala Dinner Terms Privacy Policy NFT Owner Agreement Contact Us / Support Refund Policy NFT INT LLC is not owned, managed or controlled by Donald J. Trump, The Trump Organization, CIC Digital LLC or any of their respective principals or affiliates. NFT INT LLC uses Donald J. Trump's name, likeness and image under paid license from CIC Digital LLC, which license may be terminated or revoked according to its terms. These Digital Trading Cards are not political and have nothing to do with any political campaign. There are 2 Easy ways to purchase your TRump NFT Cards Choose your purchase method below: BUY&nbsp;WITH CREDIT CARD BUY&nbsp;WITH CRYPTO Close Window SOLD&nbsp;OUT 