 Home Your Tokens TSWIFTY Bets FAQ Whitepaper Buy TSWIFTY Socials Telegram Twitter Youtube More Home Your Tokens TSWIFTY Bets FAQ Whitepaper Buy TSWIFTY Socials Telegram Twitter Youtube Home Your Tokens TSWIFTY Bets FAQ Whitepaper Buy TSWIFTY Socials TSWIFTY Token TSWIFTY Token TSWIFTY Token TSWIFTY Token Earn up to 40% APY No staking necessary.&nbsp; Keep all your tokens in your wallet. TSWIFTY Bets coming soon! Official Contract Address 0xe8d0bA0BEBa675F6dcCe5856D9306Fbf6836aB3B&nbsp; on the Binance Smart Chain This is the only contract address.&nbsp; 3% Tax on Buys and Sells.&nbsp; Set slippage to a minimum of 3.1% Buy on Pancakeswap NOW!! https://pancakeswap.finance/swap?outputCurrency=0xe8d0bA0BEBa675F6dcCe5856D9306Fbf6836aB3B Tokenomics 1% Burn 1% Liquidity 1% Liquidity 1% of every transaction is burned forever.&nbsp; Used to offset some of the tokens generated to pay the APY. 1% Liquidity 1% Liquidity 1% Liquidity 1% of every transaction is available to be added to the liquidity pool.&nbsp; Increases the tokens stability. 1% Dev Team 1% Liquidity 1% Dev Team 1% of every transaction is added to the dev team wallet. This is used for the running costs of the website, marketing and other expenses.&nbsp; Helps the token to grow.&nbsp; Roadmap Roadmap One - Complete! We successfully completed our first roadmap without functionally complete token on the 1st April 2022. Included in that roadmap was the conversion of Swiftdemand.com users tokens to our onchain TSWIFTY Token, we allowed users to successfully earn up to 40% APY. claim their interest via our website and continue to invest and earn! Amazing things have been accomplished in such a short space of time. Now its time for Roadmap Two!! Roadmap Two - TSWIFTY Bets! Its time for some non investment utilities! Some fun and exciting bets. Bringing you our Instant Win Mega Jackpot, Weekly Lottery, Dice Game and Coin Toss with even more to come in the future. All bets can be paid for in BNB or TSWIFTY! 01-May-2022 - Announce TSWIFTY Bets to our community Head on over to our TSWIFTY Bets page to find out more.&nbsp; Development #1 - Smart Contract for Mega Jackpot Our Mega Jackpot smart contract will be seeded with 100 million TSWIFTY time for someone to win BIG!! Users can enter directly or win an entry from our other games.&nbsp; Estimated completion date: 08-May-2022 (Development Actually Complete 10/05/2022) Development #2 - Smart Contract for Weekly Lottery Our weekly lottery will allow users a chance to win the lottery prize pool. Users will select 3 numbers from 1-10 and if they match all 3 then they become BIG winners.&nbsp; Estimated completion date: 10-May-2022 Development #3 - Smart Contract for Dice Game Nice and simple game. Pick and number on a dice from 1-6 and see if you win and 5x your money! Also if you get a winning streak you win a free entry into the Instant Win Mega Jackpot. Estimated completion date: 14-May-2022 Development #4 - Smart Contract for Coin Toss Another fun game with flipping a coin. Win 2x your money. Also if you get a winning streak you also win a free entry to our Weekly Lottery. Estimated completion date: 16-May-2022 Development #5 - NFT Time!! An as fun optional feature users can become TSWIFTY Bets members by purchasing a NFT which grants them a free weekly entry into the Mega Jackpot and Lottery. NFTs can be traded too so they can become quite valuable when the jackpots get really big!! Estimated completion date: 22-May-2022 Development #6 - Website Upgrades Phase 1 We need a page on our site to allow users to interact with the games.&nbsp; Initially it will be a simple page to allow the games to operate.&nbsp; Estimated completion date: 01-June-2022 Development #7 - Website Upgrades Phase 2 Graphical updates to the gaming page to make it more attractive. Estimated completion date: TDB TSWIFTY Bets FAQ Whitepaper Buy TSWIFTY Copyright © 2022 TSWIFTY TOKEN - All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer: This website is not intended to be financial advice. Please do your own research. Creators of the project do not guarantee profit or financial value. This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Decline Accept 