 tzcolors A Tezos NFT Experiment Explore Auctions Activity Watchlist My Colors Connect Wallet Unique c o l o r s as NFT tokens on Tezos one of each in existence three categories Caution, smart contracts have not been audited by a third party Standard S Colors 1530 Epic E Colors 128 Legendary L Colors 32 1690 unique c o l o r s in three categories Explore Open Auctions - 0 View all open auctions How it works Initial Auctions Each color artwork is sold in an inital account. The inital account has a duration of 7 days. On completion, the highest bidder wins the color and can claim it. The reward of all initial accounts go to a specified address. L Amber #26 • Legendary This NFT is not owned by anyone yet. Bid on it to start the auction. Start Auction - 1 tez L Ruby #1342 • Legendary 18 tez Price 01:24:41 Time Left tz1Mj...UAdtT Highest Bidder Bid Auctions An owner of a color artwork can create a new auction and specify the minimum bid amount and the auction duration. Each bid additionally extends the auction end time by 5 minutes. The highest bidder can claim the token and the previous owner can claim the reward. FAQ What are NFTs? A non-fungible token (NFT) is a special type of cryptographic token which represents something unique; non-fungible tokens are thus not mutually interchangeable. This means each color artwork is represented by one unique token that only exists once. How is this project funded? This project was created on a voluntary basis during our free time and we didn't receive any funding for it. Who receives the rewards of the inital auctions? The rewards of all initial auctions go to the tz1RKmJwoAiaqFdjQYSbFy1j7u7UhEFsqXq7 address. Those funds will be distributed among the teams that created the tooling we used to create tzcolors. The exact details will be decided on at a later stage. 100% of the rewards of all other auctions go directly to the previous owner of the token. How does it work? After the launch, all color artworks are available. If someone wants a color artwork, an initialy auction can be started. The price of the inital auctions always start at 1 tez and last for 5 days during which everyone can bid for the color. The highest bidder at the end of an auction gets the color artwork. After an auction, the token and the reward have to be claimed. Anyone can submit the claim transaction, which will both send the token to the new owner and transfer the amount to the previous owner. If a bid is placed during the last 5 minutes, the countdown is extended to 5 minutes. Anyone can put their own colors up for auction again. For those auctions, 100% of the reward goes to the owner, tzcolors does not take a commission. What was your motivation to create tzcolors? This project is a showcase of the latest technology available in the Tezos ecosystem. Namely, NFTs using the FA2 standard, an Auction House Contract, Beacon for dApp to Wallet communication, as well as Taquito for the contract abstraction in the frontend. Where are the contracts? Auction House Contract NFT Token Contract Has the contract been audited? Neither the smart contract code, nor the frontend code was audited by a third party. We did review the contracts interally and tested it extensively over the last couple of weeks. Where can the code of the contracts and frontend be found? The code of both the contracts and the frontend can be found on GitHub . Where are the colors from? The colors were taken from encycolorpedia . Twitter Telegram Built by members of the AirGap team. Disclaimer: tzcolors and the color artworks are used as an experiment to showcase the tooling of the Tezos ecosystem like Beacon, Taquito, SmartPy etc. 