 Preparing for journey... V2 Coming Soon, in the meantime here is a clip from V1 About Dark Metaverse eSports Get UFO Careers Staking dApp Home About Dark Metaverse eSports Get UFO Careers Staking dApp V2 Coming Soon, in the meantime here is a clip from V1 Welcome to the future of blockchain gaming! Let UFO transport you into the Dark Metaverse and enter the future with play-to-earn gaming. About Us Our Games Our debut game, Super Galactic will feature an NFT Marketplace, play-to-earn model, breeding, and scarce, playable NFTs. Submit a game Watch the trailer Stop the trailer Our Games Our Games Coming Soon Journey with us into the Dark Metaverse... The Dark Metaverse is an ever-expanding realm and infinite ecosystem that will consist of P2E games, breedable in-game NFTs, virtual land, and a Metaverse Launchpad that will continually require UFO tokens. Play-to-earn games are the new gaming model taking the world by storm. UFO Gaming will be the cornerpiece. One planet, one game. An ever-growing ecosystem of play to earn games. Enter the Dark Metaverse eSports UFO Gaming has gained a robust eSports presence; by acquiring its own eSports team, hosting large scale tournaments, sponsoring streamers and partnering with other eSports companies, UFO has become a known brand within the eSports industry and plans on scaling further in order to capture a larger viewership and customer base. eSports Staking Stake Stake UFO Tokens or UFO-ETH LP to earn Plasma Points. Plasma points will not be tradable. With Plasma Points you can mint rare NFTs called Origin UFOeps. There will only be a LIMITED number of these available. Earn Whoever has the biggest stake gets the most Plasma for each block. Lock your stake for longer and it will count as a bigger share. Mint Spend Plasma to mint Genesis NFTs, characters needed to play Super Galactic. Launch Staking dApp UFO Gaming News UFO Monthly #25... Oct 2, 2023 Super Galactic Updates &amp; Twitter&nbsp;SpacesGreetings, UFO&nbsp;Army!We are working hard to fine-tune Super... All news UFO Monthly #24... Aug 1, 2023 Article Content&nbsp;👇1. The Exciting Evolution of Super&nbsp;Galactic2. Super Galactic Updated &amp; Patch&nbsp;Not... UFO Monthly #22 &amp; 23... May 29, 2023 Unveiling the 2.0 Version of our Dynamic WhitepaperThis article aims to give our community an over... UFO Monthly #21... Apr 2, 2023 Roadmap, Boss fights &amp; Twitter&nbsp;SpacesIn this month’s article, we’ll cover four key topics: the roa... UFO Monthly #20... Mar 1, 2023 The Development &amp; Building ContinuesUFO Monthly is&nbsp;back!What will the monthly UFO articles&nbsp;cover?... #19 Monthly Special: Happy New Year, UFO Army!... Jan 1, 2023 Looking back on the past and forward to the&nbsp;futureHappy New Year, UFO Army! We are only hours from... UFO Monthly #18... Dec 1, 2022 The eighteenth issue of UFO Monthly is ready for your&nbsp;perusal.This month, we have a pleasant treat ... UFO Monthly #17... Nov 1, 2022 It is time for UFO Monthly number seventeen!This month, we will provide a comprehensive update on o... UFO Monthly #16... Oct 1, 2022 The sixteenth issue of UFO Monthly will review the previous months and provide insight into what to ... Neo X UFO Gaming — AMA... Sep 6, 2022 🛸On August 30th, team members Ace and UFoger of UFO Gaming met with Riley, a Neo community administ... Our Partners Where Next ? &nbsp;Get UFO &nbsp;Get UFO &nbsp;Get UFO &nbsp;Get UFO V2 Coming Soon, in the meantime here is a clip from V1 Join the UFO community About Dark Metaverse Staking Get UFO Careers Terms and conditions Privacy Policy UFOGaming.io (C) 2022. All right reserved Links KuCoin Uniswap LBank Gate Mexc Bitmart Etherscan Dextools CoinGecko CoinMarketCap Whitepaper Gitbook Join the UFO community 