 Home About Tokens Roadmap Game Guide FAQ Refer Buy $ULAND × Buy $ULAND Home About Tokens Roadmap Game Guide FAQ Refer OUR WORLD, REMADE. Own Virtual Land, Explore, Trade, Build and Battle. Carve out your Empire and Earn in-game Rewards! play now Partners 1.4K+ BNB Liquidity Locked&nbsp; Security Audit by CertiK&nbsp; 1.4K+ BNB Liquidity Locked&nbsp; Security Audit by CertiK&nbsp; Public Release Own Virtual Land Become a Ruler of your own Empire by expanding acquisition of Hex Plots. Hex Plots can be Explored, Built on and act as Trade Routes that earn you in-game rewards. Tier I sold out countries Own the biggest piece of the ULAND world, and enjoy some of the largest in-game reward opportunities. Tier III Now Live hex plots The ULAND World's basic component, which represents the smallest piece of land you can own within ULAND. Explore Tier II Selling regions &amp; states Missed out on a Country? Own one of the vast number of Regions &amp; States in any Country within the ULAND world. Tier I sold out countries Own the biggest piece of the ULAND world, and enjoy some of the largest in-game reward opportunities. Tier III Now Live hex plots The ULAND World's basic component, which represents the smallest piece of land you can own within ULAND. Explore Selling open regions &amp; states Missed out on a Country? Collect from a vast number of Regions &amp; States in any Country within the ULAND world. the stats A UNIQUE virtual world 1.4K+ BNB Liquidity Locked Issued in in-game $ULAND rewards so far Security Audit by CertiK&nbsp; your mission BUILD the future together In this ‘Play to win’ real-time strategy game, this new virtual world is mapped against our real one: full of Countries , Regions/States , and Plots of Land that players can collect , develop , and battle for control of against thousands of other players around the world! OUR WORLD, REMADE ULAND has created an insulated, organic, and exciting empire-building strategy game where ULANDERS (that's you!) can remake our world from the ground up. Fight for in-game land Fight for your Hex Plots with your unique Hero in our state-of-the-art PvP (Player vs Player) Battling System. Trade build, collect Trade, build, and collect in our economy based around our in-game token $ULAND. OUR WORLD, REMADE ULAND has created an insulated, organic, and exciting empire-building strategy game where ULANDERS (that's you!) can remake our world from the ground up. Fight for land Fight for your Hex Plots with your unique Hero in our state-of-the-art PvP (Player vs Player) Battling System. Trade build, earn Trade, build, and earn in our economy based around our in-game tokens $ULAND. about In-game land ownership Tier I countries This is where it all began with ULAND. Own a piece of the ULAND world, and enjoy some of the largest in-game reward opportunities. Tier II regions &amp; states Missed out on a Country? Own one of the vast number of Regions &amp; States in any Country within the ULAND world. Tier III hex plots The ULAND World's basic component, which represents the smallest piece of land you can own within ULAND. Regions Perks &amp; In-Game Rewards + 25% on Exploration Permits + 2.5% in-game Distribution Tax when a Hex Plot in your Region is traded + 2.5% share of all in-game $ULAND transactions distributed proportionately to all in-game Land Holders + Enables Hex Plots to be sold in your Region Participation in Country Staking Pool , with 2x in-game Rewards on your own stake With each new season opening new in-game options and opportunities! In-game land ownership Tier I Countries This is where it all began with ULAND. Own a piece of the ULAND world, and enjoy some of the largest in-game reward opportunities. Perks &amp; In-Game Rewards + 25% on Exploration Permits + 5% in-game Distribution Tax when a Region in your Country is traded + 2.5% in-game Distribution Tax when a Hex Plot in your Country is traded + 2.5% share of all in-game $ULAND transactions distributed proportionately to all in-game Land Holders Opens your Country's in-game Staking Pool , with 3x in-game Rewards on your own stake With each new season opening new in-game options and opportunities! Tier II Regions &amp; States Missed out on a Country? Own one of the vast number of Regions &amp; States in any Country in the World. Perks &amp; In-Game Rewards + 25% on Exploration Permits + 2.5% in-game Distribution Tax when a Hex Plot in your Region is traded + 2.5% share of all in-game $ULAND transactions distributed proportionately to all in-game Land Holders + Enables Hex Plots to be sold in your Region Participation in Country Staking Pool , with 2x in-game Rewards on your own stake With each new season opening new in-game options and opportunities! Tier III Hex Plots The ULAND World's basic component, which represents the smallest piece of land you can own in ULAND. Perks &amp; In-Game Rewards + Collect Border Tax from trade via busy Trade Route corridors on Hex Plots you own + Explore your land, with the chance to discover Natural Resources and other in-game rewards + The ability to Collect, Trade, or Operate in-game Businesses such as Mines, Farms, and more + Expansion of your Empire across many countries! Future in-game customisation options including constructing fun game assets on your Hex Plot With each new season opening new in-game options and opportunities! Own Land , Mine , Run Businesses and Battle with your Unique Hero In Our State-of-the-art PvP Battle System. Read the Litepaper to learn about the tokenomics, features and more! READ LITEPAPER&nbsp; → features explore &amp; Harvest Explore your Hex Plots for common, rare or ultra-rare in-game Natural Resources! Some Plots may have Pastoral Land suitable for farming, while other land can be Mined. Harness your in-game resources to become a powerhouse on the map! features build your new city Become a World Superpower to be reckoned with! Build incredible Cities and receive in-game rewards. &nbsp; Cities will also have a ton of in-game utility features coming in the future! features Grow Your Business Become an in-game Business Operator by opening a Business (T4) such as a Gold Mine or Lumber Yard. Give it a unique name and trade Resources with those that need it on the in-game Marketplace! trade on the in-game marketplace Trading &amp; Transport is the lifeblood of the ULAND economy! Collect and trade in-game Land, Businesses, Resources, Heroes, Battle Cards... between other Players all from the Marketplace! If another Player crosses through your Trade Route, you can earn in-game reward in the form of a Border Tax. BATTLE others online Own your heroes In this Battle &amp; Build, Play &amp; Earn, Player-vs-Player (PvP) Strategy Game, this new virtual world is mapped against our real one: full of in-game Countries, States, and Plots of Land that players can collect, develop, and battle for control of against thousands of other players around the world. Collect battle cards In this Battle &amp; Build, Play &amp; Earn, Player-vs-Player (PvP) Strategy Game, this new virtual world is mapped against our real one: full of Countries, States, and Plots of Land that players can collect, develop, and battle for control of against thousands of other players around the world. Defeat your opponents In this Battle &amp; Build, Play &amp; Earn, Player-vs-Player (PvP) Strategy Game, this new virtual world is mapped against our real one: full of Countries, States, and Plots of Land that players can collect, develop, and battle for control of against thousands of other players around the world. Own your heroes In this Battle &amp; Build, Play &amp; Earn, Player-vs-Player (PvP) Strategy Game, this new virtual world is mapped against our real one: full of Countries, States, and Plots of Land that players can collect, develop, and battle for control of against thousands of other players around the world. Collect battle cards In this Battle &amp; Build, Play &amp; Earn, Player-vs-Player (PvP) Strategy Game, this new virtual world is mapped against our real one: full of Countries, States, and Plots of Land that players can collect, develop, and battle for control of against thousands of other players around the world. Defeat your opponents In this Battle &amp; Build, Play &amp; Earn, Player-vs-Player (PvP) Strategy Game, this new virtual world is mapped against our real one: full of Countries, States, and Plots of Land that players can collect, develop, and battle for control of against thousands of other players around the world. Collect a massive 10% on in-game community mints Share your referral link with others. If they collect a Land Asset, you collect $ULAND rewards. learn more our tokens Read About the In-game STAKING POOLS Benefits &amp; Features Here $uland The primary in-game Currency for trading in-game Land and Rewards Fixed supply of 1,000,000,000 Tokens Collect / Trade Tiered Land NFTs (T1, T2, T3) In-game Distribution Taxes to T1 &amp; T2 holders In-game Staking Multi-layered in-game reward system to NFT holders learn more official roadmap May 2022 Litepaper Community Release Aug 2022 New Website Litepaper + Whitepaper (Game Guide) Dec-Jan 2023 HERO NFT COLLECTION Marketing Ramping Up Across Xmas Marketing Full Force Start of Jan "Explorer" Hero NFT Collection Mint—24th Jan Whitelists (T1, T2, Comp holders) &amp; Public Feb 2023 GAME UI ULAND Game UI &amp; Marketplace 2.0 HEX PLOTS (T3) LAND Hex Plots (T3) Land Release Whitelists (T1, T2, Comp holders) &amp; Public Apr 2023 GAME LAUNCH Game Launch (Alpha) May-Jun 2023 GAME LAUNCH Game Launch (Season 1) answers to our f.a.q. Frequently Asked Questions What is ULAND? ULAND is our world remade. In this Battle &amp; Build, Play &amp; Earn, PvP Strategy Game , this new virtual world is mapped against our real one on an immersive, globally scaled game board. Full of Countries , Regions/States , and Plots of Land that players can Collect , Explore, Develop and Battle for control of against thousands of other players from around the world! Imagine owning New York, Dubai, London, an entire country, or a small village! 🌏 Next-Gen Strategy Web3 Gaming Divided the real world into thousands of Hex Plots , players can Explore, Mine &amp; Harvest valuable in-game Resources (such as Gold, Stone, Wood &amp; Diamond) and trade them at the Marketplace . Establish Trade Routes via Hex Plots and collect in-game Transport Taxes , set up virtual Businesses , build great Cities and carve out your Empire. Battle for dominance in PvP Battles with unique Heroes , deploy Battle Cards strategically to gain an edge and earn in-game rewards . Powering up Web3 gaming via BNB Chain and the Ethereum Network All ULAND Land Assets are collectable and tradeable NFTs with real in-game utilities, underpinned by our in-game economy token: $ULAND —ULAND has created an insulated, organic, and exciting empire-building strategy game where ULANDERS (that’s you!) can rebuild the world, play and earn! Built using blockchain technology, ULAND is leveraging the best of NFTs, Gaming and Web3 to bring you a gaming experience unlike any other. Welcome to ULAND! Let’s build the future together. For full details, see the full ULAND Website and our Game Guide . How does ULAND work? ULAND IS NEXT-GEN STRATEGY GAMING IN THE METAVERSE. Expand your empire by collecting, owning, and developing your own VIRTUAL LAND on this immersive, globally scaled game board. Divided into Hex Plots , players will be able to mine &amp; farm for valuable in-game resources (such as Gold, Stone, Wood &amp; Diamond), trade them at the in-game Marketplace , and build Cities &amp; Businesses within ULAND . Leveraging ULAND Token and our in-game currency, players will compete to garner the most achievements on their Ruler Profiles and acquire Battle Points through Battles with other players across the globe in the PvP Battle Arena . I’m ready to play, how do I get started!? Great! We can’t wait to meet you. Follow our Getting Started guide for more details and don’t forget to jump into our Discord! What is the ULAND Token? The economy of ULAND has its own in-game ecosystem token: $ULAND Token . The $ULAND Token is the lifeblood currency which fuels the ULAND ecosystem, and is the de-facto currency in-game currency for collecting Tiered Land (T1, T2, T3) and receive in-game land rewards. For more details on the $ULAND token including full in-game tokenomics breakdown, see our chapter in the&nbsp; Game Guide . How can I collect Land, and what are the benefits? In-game Land can be purchased on the Marketplace, or directly via Land Explorer. For full details on in-game Land Ownership, please see our chapter in the&nbsp; Game Guide . How can I acquire a Hero? ULAND Heroes play a major role in the ULAND Metaverse. Along with them looking incredible—They will have all the benefits of traditional NFT Art; that being a collectable with their own unique rarities and traits, along with amazing utility within our Battle &amp; Build, Play &amp; Earn, Player-vs-Player (PvP) Strategy Game. A Hero is required to perform certain actions in the ULAND Game, such as explore land and perform Battles. This collection has cross-chain capabilities and will be a ‘dynamic’ NFT. Please see our last article where we discuss&nbsp; ULAND Hero Utility . For more details on Heroes, please see our Heroes mini-site . How can I battle? If you're looking for an exciting Player-vs-Player (PvP) Battle Experience, the Battle Arena is where you want to be. Battle your Heroes against other players’ stable of warriors to collect in-game rewards. For full details on Battles, please see our chapter in the&nbsp; Game Guide . What is the Refer &amp; Win program? The Refer &amp; Win program allows you to collect $ULAND token rewards when you refer another user. Simply share your unique referral link with others, if they collect land, you win $ULAND rewards. It’s that simple! Visit our Refer &amp; Win page for more details. How can I reach the team or chat with the community? The ULAND team and most of our community chat on&nbsp; Discord . Here we encourage people to express their ideas and share their thoughts on ULAND. You can also reach out to the team here. For any partnering or business enquiries, please email&nbsp; pr@uland.io . Can I explore ULAND without a crypto wallet? Yes, certainly. Just enter the in-game Land Explorer and away you go! When you are ready to play, you will require a Crypto Wallet such as MetaMask or Trust Wallet. There are many tutorials online to help you. What crypto wallets can I use? We run on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC) and recommend MetaMask or Trust Wallet when interacting with ULAND. What does the future hold for ULAND? Each Season will bring new challenges &amp; innovations, keep up to date with teasers and happenings on our social channels including Discord! Home About Tokens Roadmap Game Guide FAQ Refer Copyright © 2022 ULAND. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy 