 Home Dashboard Docs FAQs Connect Wallet Connect Wallet Home Dashboard Docs FAQs Be in-charge Manage your Debts &amp; Collaterals . Avoid loosing a portion of your collateral when it falls in value, perform the liquidation of your assets yourself. Get started Protocols Your lending protocols Aave Aave is a decentralized non-custodial liquidity protocol where users can participate as depositors or borrowers. Depositors provide liquidity to the market to earn a passive income, while borrowers are able to borrow in an overcollateralized (perpetually) or undercollateralized (one-block liquidity) fashion. See more Compound Compound is an algorithmic, autonomous interest rate protocol built for developers, to unlock a universe of open financial applications. See more Cream C.R.E.A.M. Finance is a decentralized lending protocol for individuals, institutions and protocols to access financial services. Part of the yearn finance ecosystem, it is a permissionless, open source and blockchain agnostic protocol serving users on Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, Polygon and Fantom. Users who are passively holding ETH or wBTC can deposit their assets on C.R.E.A.M. to earn yield, similar to a traditional savings account. See more Radiant Radiant aims to be the first omnichain money market, where users can deposit any major asset on any major chain and borrow a variety of supported assets across multiple chains. See more SiO2 The Multi-VM Lending Hub on Astar for Polkadot. SiO2 Finance is the Astar-native lending hub supporting both EVM and WASM. See more Starlay Starlay Finance is a protocol for users to quickly and easily deposit and borrow assets on Astar Network. Depositors can provide liquidity to earn interest as a stable passive income, while borrowers can leverage their assets without selling them out. See more Venus Venus Protocol (“Venus”) is an algorithmic-based money market system designed to bring a complete decentralized finance-based lending and credit system onto Binance Smart Chain. See more How it works A quick guide on how Uliquid works. Get started Select a Lending Protocol and so on Choose one of the various lending protocols supported by Uliquid. This should be the protocol you have a debt on. Connect your wallet. Select a Blockchain &amp; Protocol version version 2 Lending protocols operate on different blockchains and have different versions. What blockchain and protocol version is your debt on? Select your Debt &amp; Collateral 1k 1.01k Select your debt from the list of markets, select a collateral and enter the amount of debt you want to repay. Send &amp; Confirm transaction Send the transaction by clicking the liquidate button and confirm the transaction in your wallet. FAQs List of Frequently asked questions. What is Uliquid A DeFi Liquidation platform that gives the liquidation power to crypto borrowers Why Uliquid The Uliquid protocol allows you to self liquidate before a liquidation call is made. We realized that users of DeFi lending platforms need a way to manage their positions and minimize risk. How do I interact with the Uliquid protocol In order to interact with Uliquid, you simply select the lending protocol you borrowed from, your debt and collateral you wish to liquidate How is my debt repaid Your debt is paid using your collateral, a flashloan would be taken on your behalf to pay your debt, this flashloan is then repaid using your collateral. What happens to my collateral Once you send a liquidation transaction, your selected collateral would be liquidated, you would be left with your initial collateral balance minus the collateral value of your debt and fees. Are there any fees Yes, there is currently a 1% protocol fee for liquidation. We ensure you execute your liquidation at the best price. Home Dashboard Docs FAQs Privacy policy 