 Leverage Swap ObsidianRPC Molten Network Perps Trading Swap App The Aggregator of Everything The highest confidence score for swap rates &amp;&nbsp;fills in DeFi Trade Perps Swap Smarter $ 40 B+ Aggregated Liquidity 162 Liquidity Sources $ 1.2 B All-time trading volume 14 + Integrated Networks Swap smarter, not harder. Have complete confidence. Deepest Liquidity For Traders Our order router ensures users get the deepest liquidity by aggregating as many sources for the users trade. Orders for both perps and swaps reach over 130 different liquidity sources to find the most optimal fill. No-bias approach For Traders UniDex let's you swap through the best source without any bias. Our confidence score is the highest in the ecosystem. Robust SDK&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;API For Devs Get faster order execution and more control over your trades with our best in class SDK &amp;&nbsp;API tools. Build out custom frontends and bots, and be rewarded for bringing in volume! What do you get? Always save money Trade with complete confidence Invite your friends using our referral link and receive a bonus. Become a member of a huge and growing community 4,000,000 UNIDX Supply $ 1.76 Last Price Native gas UNIDX token can be used as a native gas on the Molten Network, our OP&nbsp;stack chain Governance Use your UNIDX tokens to vote for proposals The highest confidence score in defi UniDex traders never need to worry about looking for better rates or lower fees. We save you time &amp; money no matter your size. Perp aggregation Deepest Perp Liquidity When you trading on our leverage trading terminal, your trade is split between multiple protocols to find the most optimal fill. Pairs that other platforms dont support can be accessed from a single platform, all at your finger tips. Explore Leverage Swap meta-Aggregator The superior swapping experience Our system compares and aggregates orders across various aggregators to ensure the most efficient and cost-effective execution. Keepers can batch multiple orders together from off-chain, on-chain, or even cross-chain liquidity sources. Explore Swaps Obsidian RPC Want a better RPC? Obsidian RPC is here to serve you Obsidian RPC automatically pulls from other well known rpc aggregators and serves you the best &amp; fastest request. Explore Obsidian RPC MOLTEN&nbsp;network Fast, Cheap, and Dedicated L2 for traders A separate tailor-made network for traders enabling high frequency trading on chain. Built on the OP stack, Molten provides CEX like speeds, with DeFi level security. Learn about Molten Custom Trading Pairs Adding more trading pairs you wont find anywhere else for trading like interest-rate swaps, trading commodities, and other instruments Cross-chain Aggregated Perps Trading perpetual leverage products between all EVM networks with a single unified liquidity pool Molten Mainnet Launch Move the Magma testnet to Mainnet allowing traders to bridge and use native UNIDX as gas. Transition Fees to Keepers Move protocol fees into a keeper protocol where distribution are handled by external actors eliminating any team reliance. Options Aggregation Expanding our reach to options aggregation. We're already working with a few option protocols to start, and are adding more as things get closer. Exploring A Mobile 1st Focus Exploring opportunities to create a native mobile app to provide a smooth experience for on-the-go traders Try the platform What are you waiting for? Start trading with complete confidence. Perp Aggregator Swap Aggregator © 2023 UniDex. All rights reserved. FAQ Contact Us View Documentation Any information contained on this website is provided to you for informational purposes only and should not be regarded as an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any investments or related services that may be referenced here. 