 Heroes Story Announcements Sign in Play Now Unioverse Unioverse Heroes Story Announcements Sign in Play Now CLICK TO CLOSE Jump into the Unioverse The Unioverse is a new game-first franchise that revolutionizes blockbuster entertainment. Watch Cinematic Trailer Watch Cinematic Trailer Unique Heroes Our Heroes are full 3D, AAA-quality characters that give you access to all Unioverse games. MEET OUR HEROES MEET OUR HEROES Ready to Play Own a Unioverse Hero and play through our Proving Grounds alpha gameplay, available now! PLAY PROVING GROUNDS PLAY PROVING GROUNDS CLICK TO CLOSE Rare Heroes The Unioverse features the rarest skins in all of videogames. SEE UNIOVERSE SKINS SEE UNIOVERSE SKINS Discover a New World The Unioverse is built by storytellers from franchises like Star Wars and Grand Theft Auto. EXPLORE THE UNIOVERSE EXPLORE THE UNIOVERSE Meet the Team From the worldbuilders of Halo, Star Trek, and Call of Duty Tony Harman Tony is an icon in the videogames industry who brought Donkey Kong Country to the U.S. and led studios behind hits like Grand Theft Auto , Crackdown and All Points Bulletin . Dave Jones David is a videogames pioneer best known for his work on genre-defining titles such as Lemmings , Grand Theft Auto , and Fortnite . Wyeth Ridgway Wyeth has a remarkable track record of translating entertainment franchises into hit games, having worked on titles for Star Trek , South Park and Pirates of the Caribbean . Brent Friedman Brent is a master storyteller who has expanded the narrative worlds of renowned properties like Star Wars , The Walking Dead , Batman and Call of Duty . Meet the Team Sign Up to Play Create an account to get digital perks and early access to gameplay as it is released. STEPS Open an account Buy a Hero Download Proving Grounds (PC Only) © 2022-2023 Random Games Inc. All rights reserved. Creators Developers Unioverse Assets Download the Viewer About Us Newsletter About Us Newsletter Support Privacy Support Privacy Terms Cookies Your Privacy Choices Notice at Collection × Notice We use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for experience, measurement and marketing (personalized ads) as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time. Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button or close this notice to continue without accepting. Necessary Experience Measurement Marketing Press again to continue 0/1 Learn more Reject all Accept all hexagon favicon hexagon search x zoom-in u unioverse-logomark-wordmark unioverse-white-crescent unioverse-wordmark discord facebook instagram twitter vimeo youtube Play Now Play Now 