 Blog Mission &amp; Team The Lockeys LAUNCH APP APP DOCS Earn yield and borrow against your NFTs with the safest loans on the market Earn Provide liquidity in the form of ETH to our secure pools and receive continuous earnings that grow exponentially. Borrow Borrow ETH using your NFTs as collateral with instant, open-ended loans protected by our robust risk framework. Benefits Safety Our robust Risk Framework covers asset and liquidity risks. The entire protocol has been audited by award-winning ethical hackers. Fair LTV We combine price data from 6 different appraisers with our own models to provide a Dynamic Loan-To-Value for each independent NFT. Instant Loans Don't waste time waiting to agree with a lender, get an open-ended loan on the spot. No rush to repay. Enhanced liquidity Unlockd DAO Treasury protects lenders. Plus, our liquidity framework ensures liquidations at market value. Use Cases Collectors Unlock additional capital to expand your art collection without having to sell your assets. You'll still be able to shine your PFP while having the liquidity to hunt for that new drop. Now, the art you own lets you leverage your collection. DeFi users To make it big in DeFi you need to be capital efficient. As a lender, enjoy the best APYs for your crypto. In the future, as a borrower you will be able to pledge DeFi NFTs, such as Uniswap V3, to unlock additional capital. Investors Access to debt in the physical world is tedious and limited. We do better in crypto. Start making the most of the non-fungible assets you own, and turn your illiquid investments into tax-efficient fuel for your portfolio. Metaverse Guilds Guilds can turn their yield-generating and idle resources, like creatures or land, into productive assets to optimize working capital. Scale operations, onboard new players, dominate the arena and conquer the GameFi industry with extra liquidity. Testimonials "Unlockd will help providing opportunities to key players and contributors, improving efficiency and minimizing idle assets, supporting geographical expansion and developing new subguilds" Gabby Dizon Co-Founder &amp; CEO at YGG "We will be integrating Unlockd’s NFT-backed lending solution within our suite of services, enabling BlockchainSpace guilds and players to seamlessly get additional liquidity for their play-to-earn needs" Peter Ing Co-Founder &amp; CEO at Blockchainspace "Through this partnership, Metasports will provide their partners exclusive access to Unlockd lending tools, enabling them to scale their operations and obtain liquidity from the assets they already use in P2E competitions We are excited to help rewarding the best players in the market" Joe Josua Co-Founder at Metasports "GameFi is a movement that has positively impacted millions of lives and will continue growing. The Unlockd x BreederDAO partnership will drive financial inclusion and democratize access to top-quality NFTs" Renz Chong Co-Founder &amp; CEO at BreederDAO "Unlockd will help providing opportunities to key players and contributors, improving efficiency and minimizing idle assets, supporting geographical expansion and developing new subguilds" Gabby Dizon Co-Founder &amp; CEO at YGG "We will be integrating Unlockd’s NFT-backed lending solution within our suite of services, enabling BlockchainSpace guilds and players to seamlessly get additional liquidity for their play-to-earn needs" Peter Ing Co-Founder &amp; CEO at Blockchainspace "Through this partnership, Metasports will provide their partners exclusive access to Unlockd lending tools, enabling them to scale their operations and obtain liquidity from the assets they already use in P2E competitions We are excited to help rewarding the best players in the market" Joe Josua Co-Founder at Metasports "GameFi is a movement that has positively impacted millions of lives and will continue growing. The Unlockd x BreederDAO partnership will drive financial inclusion and democratize access to top-quality NFTs" Renz Chong Co-Founder &amp; CEO at BreederDAO Ecosystem Infrastructure Integrations Guilds Investors Security Claim Unlockd takes all necessary precautions to protect our users’ data and assets. Multiple security engineers and independent hackers have provided us with an objective assessment of the protocol and audited every potential weak point. AUDIT bug bounty Blog Mission &amp; Team The Lockeys Company Branding Help Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy SUBSCRIBE TO OUR newsletter <form id="email-form" name="email-form" data-name="Email Form" action="http:// " method="post" class="form" data-wf-page-id="637f736ccf82256cf1e4bd26" data-wf-element-id="0374d6d6-e60d-f362-59f2-2eb0d0b4dde1" aria-label="Email Form"> Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 