 UPFI Network NearApp Solana App UPFI – Stablecoin partially backed by collateral and partially stabilizedalgorithmically Highly scalable, trustless, extremely stable, pure on-chain Audited by RD Auditors Read Docs Near App Solana app Our Supported&nbsp; Blockchains Won #1 Region Winner in Hackathon Go to app OFFICIAL NEAR GRANT PARTNER Go to testnet DappRadar &amp; Oasis Network Accelerator Program Coming soon Key&nbsp; Highlight Decentralized &amp; Governance-minimized Community-governed, with a focus on a highly autonomous, algorithmic approach that requires noactive administration. Two Tokens UPFI is The Stablecoin The currency is softly linked to the US dollar. The governance token, UPFI Shares (UPS), earnsfees, seigniorage revenue, and excess collateral value. Fully on-chain oracles Chainlink and Pyth oracles are used by UPFI. Stablecoins Were Divided Into With no collateral, centralized fiat is collateralized and algorithmic. UPFI is the firstdecentralized stablecoin that use a “fractionalized” hybrid approach of algorithm andcollateral. Top Feature On&nbsp; UPFI Mint &amp; Redeem Mint/redeem stablecoin with partial collateral, also use TCR, and ECR for protocol. Governance Created to give holders the chance to have a voice on the platform while also being rewardedforholding UPS tokens for a long period of time. Farm Users can farm UPS by providing liquidity and depositing their LP tokens on UPFI Network. UPFI&nbsp; World UPFI World is the perfect combination of the Social Metaverse and Defi, powered by the UPFINetwork. It provides a simple and engaging environment for its citizens to interact with. Theplatform's goals are to attract new Defi members, business owners, gamefi projects, KOLs,developers, and creators. You can also role-play as anyone you want and do anything you likein the UPFI World to experiment with your ideas and build your world. Currently, it is beingdeveloped on Solana. Become To UPFI Citizen Backers &amp; &nbsp; Partners Community &amp; &nbsp; Media partners Our&nbsp; Team Harry Nguyen CEO, co-Founder MAX Nguyen CTO, co-Founder Catherine Pham Head of Human Resources COPYRIGHT BY UPFI NETWORK PTELTD. 2075739, BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS 