 About Team Art License uwu Art Gallery Dressing Room uwu Quest Claim We help anime fans discover art and artists they love to support through the belief that collecting NFT art is a fulfilling hobby! Buy on OpenSea About We believe that through making collecting NFT art a fulfilling hobby, creativity can be empowered everywhere in the world with no boundaries! By fostering a positive relationship with art in our community, we help people find creators they enjoy supporting! Created by uwu Labs, uwucrew released on September 5th 2021 and is an NFT art collection of 9670 anime style inspired avatars. uwucrew NFTs are licensed under the uwu Art License, holders are free to use their NFT characters as they wish, with a portion of team-designated uwus licensed as CC0! An interesting property of uwucrew is our unique asset generation which involves over 30 layers of hand-drawn art! In order to support various kinds of outfits and expressions, the uwucrew collection also supports multiple arm poses (even with sleeved clothes) to let us incorporate different accessories! Since launch, our positive art culture has made leaps through the NFT space, and we strive to continue setting the standard for empowering artists and more! Roadmap • Merch • Artist Collabs • uwucrew Dressing Room • uwu Labs Family Projects • Long Term Partnerships • Waifusion updates • uwuloot More Details The Team Laur Co-Founder &amp; Artist Laur is the sole artist of uwucrew! Including all assets from the uwu Dressing Room! Laur focuses on semi-realism, 2d animation and character design. She enjoys collecting 1/1 anime art and supporting the growth of NFT artists. Kiwi Co-Founder &amp; Dev An avid DeFi/NFT enthusiast, Kiwi is a long time developer in the crypto space, working in the industry for over 5 years! He is responsible for leading the team, the uwucrew image generation, and oversees all dev tasks. Morello Bit of everything Morello helps with community, partnerships, and more for uwucrew. He has been paper-handing blue chip NFTs since February 2021, and is an avid collector of anime art. Check out his gallery here: https://foundation.app/@morello Omar Community Manager Artist turned collector, community support and events. Omar is a street photographer who enjoys collecting anime inspired NFTs and helps strengthen uwucrew community engagement via event hosting, branding and fun activities. Danny Partnerships Manager Danny is the collaborations and partnerships manager of uwucrew and assists with research and development. He learned to study marketplace trends and valuations from MMO Free Markets and applies that to the NFT market today. Nines 2D &amp; 3D Designer Meet Nines, our resident pixel wizard who has been expertly manipulating pixels for over 15 years! With a keen eye for cool, new, and interesting techniques, Nines is our go-to guru for all things branding, promos, merch, design and everything in between. Jules Creative Assistant Jules is an accomplished artist and designer, who has a strong tendency to create cute stuff. They have extensive knowledge of the NFT space, and are a valuable guide to those who are new. Jules assists in the creative process for a variety of projects within uwucrew. Cucurbit Front End Dev Cucurbit is on the team to help us build out a beautiful website for any of our needs! She is also experienced with trading, DeFi, and is constantly exploring new ways to make our websites as fun as possible! Chase Front End Dev Recommended by 4 out of 5 people who recommend things. Chase is a Front End Web3 dev who has a passion for DeFi and NFTs. He helps us with sick web design techniques and ensures our websites are slick! 