 Head-to-Head bets allow for users to bet on almost anything with a 50/50 outcome. DECENTRALIZED HEAD-TO-HEAD BETTING (PUBLIC BETA) Powered by Vanilla, the betting platform allows for holders of the VNLA token to participate in Head-to-Head bets against community members and also participate in pool betting scenarios. GET STARTED GUIDE GET STARTED IN 3 EASY STEPS Create Your Bet Using our super easy and secure betting platform, create your bet. Your imagination is the limit! Bet Goes Live If your bet is fun enough, another member will jump in and agree to your terms. Bet is now live and good luck! Collect VNLA Rewards Real VNLA tokens, real rewards, which can be withdrawn at any time. Betting has changed forever. Vanilla Network The Vanilla Network (token ticker: VNLA) is a deflationary BEP-20 token with decentralized finance at the heart of its ecosystem driven by Blockchain technology. The premise of this project is the production of award-winning staking and betting decentralized applications (dApps) that appeal to all betting enthusiasts and those seeking rewards for long-term participation as stakeholders. The overarching aim, by making use of Blockchain technology is to produce the first truly decentralized driven betting and staking platform where the house no longer wins, and all rewards are returned to the consumer. GET STARTED Scalability Gaming protocols built on Layer-2 solutions provided by Matic Network. Allowing for high speed and low cost transactions, a breakthrough in Blockchain technology. User Experience Protocols designed for user adoption and ease of use; even though processes are built on high tech architecture and complicated framework. Security All protocols are built on-chain therefore, remain immutable on the blockchain. All smart contracts are audited by renowned blockchain professionals All-In-One Defi Platform Gaming protocols built on Layer-2 solutions provided by Matic Network. Allowing for high speed and low cost transactions, a breakthrough in Blockchain technology. Multiple Platforms Protocols designed for user adoption and ease of use; even though processes are built on high tech architecture and complicated framework. Responsive Support Team All protocols are built on-chain therefore, remain immutable on the blockchain. All smart contracts are audited by renowned blockchain professionals Ready to place bets with our awesome community? We're waiting for you! GET STARTED Frequently Asked Questions How It Works Getting Started Deposits &amp; Withdrawals Support Why Vanilla Bet? The Head-to-Head dApp, how will it work? How does the bet go live? What about pool betting? Subscribe to stay up to date with Vanilla Network! Subscribe * By submitting this form you are agreeing to receive communications from Vanilla Network. To see how we use your information please see our privacy policy © 2021 Vanilla Network. All Rights Reserved 