 PHISHING WARNING: please make sure you're visiting https://veneraswap.com - check the URL carefully Trade Swap Liquidity Earn Farming Boost Farming Staking Earn with iVSW token About Analytics About Us Roadmap VSW token Documentation FAQ Referral program OTC Venera Finance Blog News Articles Wallet Security Audit KYC Enter App Venera Swap Restoring users faith in BSC network and DeFi with an incentivized revenue sharing by using AMM model. Venera Swap protocol provides user with the trading, staking and farming experience. And much more to come. Enter App Learn more The Birth of Rising Star The service Venera Swap was launched in 2022. Venera Swap is a really promising service which inspires confidence of users and helps achieve incredible results. It restores users’ faith in BSC network and DeFi with an incentivized revenue sharing by using AMM model. The aspect makes out the service from other services. Venera Swap protocol gives users the trading, staking and farming experience. One of the greatest features of the service is offering lower transaction fees. Please, call it the latest Automated Market Maker (AMM) on Binance Smart Chain Network. So, nice to meet you! News All news 27.02.2023 Listing of new cryptopairs! More cryptocurrencies now available! read more 22.11.2022 Coinmarketcap read more 23.09.2022 We have been working hard behind the scenes and it’s time to update you with the latest. We have been working hard behind the scenes and it’s time to update you with the latest. read more The Great DEX DEX is a platform for matching bids to buy or sell assets of users to trade directly between members (peer-to-peer) without financial intermediaries. Nevertheless, many existing exchanges, which refer to themselves as decentralized, are not entirely so: they use their own servers to store information on trades and orders to buy or sell users' assets, but the private keys are kept by the users themselves. Decentralized exchanges need a distributed ledger to keep and deal with all information and provide the technical possibility of direct interaction between transaction participants. Articles All articles 14.03.2023 5 Common Mistakes in Technical Analysis (TA) Technical analysis (or TA for short) is the art of predicting price movements through the study of charts that show how an asset has traded in the past. It is necessary to find and compare patterns that have been encountered before. read more 10.03.2023 Ichimoku Clouds Explained A technical indicator is the result of mathematical calculations made on the basis of data on prices and trading volumes. Any technical analysis indicator cannot be the only source for making a decision and must be confirmed by additional read more 07.03.2023 A Brief Guide to the Parabolic SAR Indicator The full name of the indicator is Parabolic Stop and Reverse. The prefix "Parabolic" appeared due to the fact that the outlines of the indicator on the chart resemble a parabola. read more Heart of DEX and Venera Swap The main strengths of DEX and Venera Swap include the best prices in crypto currency exchanges. They have no management with an interest in manipulating prices. They give complete anonymity to the user due to not storing user assets, so that neither hacker attacks nor a complete collapse of the exchange itself will threaten the loss of funds. They do not also have a single entry point through which all assets and data can be accessed, which makes it difficult for hackers and makes the attack itself pointless. Therefore, decentralized DEX exchanges give you full control over your own funds. Venera Swap presentations English Great Expectations If you are a determined, goal-oriented and successful person, with the help of DEX and Venera Swap you will definitely make your dreams true and the future results will meet your expectations for sure. In the niche of numerous products, it is very important to choose the right one and not get lost in many substandard things. It will lead you to the way to success and fill your life with unbelievable achievements. There is a nice Chinese proverb saying: ‘The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.’ It means that if you want success in the future, the best time to act is today. We use both our own cookie and third-party cookies on our websites to enhance your experience, analyze our traffic, and increase site security. Accept All About Venera Finance VSW token Referral program Brand OTC Help FAQ How to use Info Analytics News Articles Calculator Terms of Use Disclamer Developers Documentation Github Audit report Copyright 2023 Venera Swap - All Rights Reserved Audit KYC Start exchange 