 Veplus ex change the world A community-owned decentralized exchange and liquidity layer on BNB Chain Airdrop Launch App Marketplaces Trade TreeNFT Intelligent Investments Make Your Money to Work for You Earn passive income from your assets and watch them grow daily. Play an active role in fueling the growth of top projects on the BNB Chain by providing liquidity. Revolutionize your trading experience Experience user-friendly interface, deep liquidity, and, most importantly, minimal slippage across all trading pairs. Trade with simplicity and convenience at the best prices! Protocol and Community Aligning Incentives, Driving Success Together Strong returns for investors, deep liquidity for protocols, and an unwavering devotion to BNB Chain's Long-Term Prosperity. How It Works Make Your Money to Work for You Users Step 01. Provide liquidity to Earn up to 200% APR Stake liquidity to earn VEP tokens from highly incentivized pools. The more liquidity provided, the higher VEP tokens receive! Step 02. Lock VEP Tokens to Earn up to 150% APR More VEP tokens locked longer = more voting power = higher rewards! Step 03. Earn 100% Trading Fees From Pools You Voted For As incentives rise, liquidity flows towards the most actively traded pairs. The more trade volume, the higher voting APR. Protocols Step 01. Apply to Whitelist Submit a proposal to create your pools. Step 02. Seed Liquidity for your Pools. Lock VEP reward tokens to receive to more voting power and maximize emissions awarded to your pools. Step 03. Create a Bribe After your pools are created, bribe to attract votes and maximize emissions awarded to your pools. Partners Who Support Veplus Previous Next Sustainable Growth Veplus Tokenomics Veplus introduces an evolved version of Curve's vote-escrow model. By incentivizing VEP holders to lock their tokens as veVEP, Veplus not only rewards participants but also encourages new entrants to engage in the thriving Veplus economy. Community-Owned A Protocol for everyone Our token distribution prioritized top protocols across the crypto landscape and engaged members of the BNB Chain. The launch of Veplus was made possible by the sale of our TreeNFT, eliminating the need to offer tokens at discounted rates to early investors. Dynamic Liquidity Pool Volatile and Stable Pairs Veplus Provides Fee Ranges from 0.01% for Stable Pools to 0.3% for Variable Pools. Seamlessly routing trades through the most suitable pools, Veplus guarantees traders the best possible rates for their transactions. FOUNDERS James CEO &amp; CO-FOUNDER Andrew CMO David CTO DEVELOPERS Daniel Full Stack Developer Wayne Blockchain Developer Kevin Developer Mark Front-end Developer TEAM Thomas Creative &amp; UI/UX Lead Brian Content &amp; Community Lead Linda Performance Marketing Emma Tester 0xdollarbill Advisor Marketplaces Trade 10K SeedNFT $ Total Volume $ Floor Price Owners % Unique Owners Veplus ©2023 Veplus - Make money to work for you Terms of Service | Privacy Policy 