 About Us Team News Contact WE ARE KOIN GAMES Koin Games is a team of multi-decade game industry veterans, entrepreneurs, and blockchain natives on a mission to show the world how to bridge the gap between traditional games and blockchain games. Blending years of blockchain experience with decades of award-winning game development experience, we bring to the table a deep understanding of both traditional and web3 gaming audiences that almost nobody else in the web3 gaming space has. Award Winning Team Tim Jooste CEO Kevin Lambert Chief Product Officer Justin Stewart Chief Creative Officer Brian Goble Chief Technology Officer Michael Marr Chief Operating Officer Mike Christian Art Director Stuart James Business Development Eben Grobler Operations Manager John Malan Blockchain Developer Tyler Rasmussen Game Engineer Kevin Lukic Architect Engineer Kevin McLennan Operations Mike Sweeny Game Designer Geoff Harrison Principal Product Manager Jake Shuman Principal Game Designer Rick Hair Senior Server Engineer Dinara Fatkhutdinova 3D Artist Eric Huang 3D Artist Krista McCullough Technical Artist Pedro Figueiredo Concept Artist Matt J. Britton Creative Consultant Team Experience Combined 75 years of experience in the gaming industry from 1995 to the present day Top Awards OUR BEST TEAM MEMBER IS: YOU! Holders of our genesis collection, the 5,555 Koin Games Dev Squad avatars, are the VIPs and OGs of our community and will enjoy first-class seats as they join us on this amazing journey together. Don't have a Koin Games Dev Squad Avatar? You can find our verified collection here on OpenSea . OpenSea News 8.29.23 Koin Games Appoints New Art Director Koin Games is excited to announce the addition of our new Art Director, Michael Christian. 6.20.23 Koin Games adds a Technical Artist and Illustrator to its growing art department Koin Games welcomes to the team Krista McCullough as Technical Artist and Pedro Figueiredo as Illustrator. 4.24.23 Koin Games adds a Senior Server Engineer and two 3D artists to the team Koin Games is delighted to welcome Rick Hair as our Senior Server Engineer and Eric Huang and Dinara Fatkhutdinova both as 3D artists. 4.17.23 Koin Games' core team expands with a new Product Manager and Game Designer Koin Games is excited to announce the addition of two new members to its rapidly growing team. 3.29.23 Koin Games expands its rosters with the addition of an Art Director and an Engineer Koin Games is excited to announce the addition of two new members to its rapidly growing team. 3.14.23 Koin Games Inscribed on Bitcoin and Litecoin blockchains Koin Games has forever been inscribed into the world’s first blockchain, thanks to the launch of ordinal inscriptions! 9.29.22 New Team Reveal Koin Games couldn't be more excited to announce our three latest co-founders, each of whom comes with multiple decades of award-winning game development experience and a list of critically acclaimed games played by over a billion players. Check out the Team section of the website for more details. 7.25.22 Koin Games acquires Hidden Pixel Games We are happy to announce that Koin Games has acquired web3 and eSports developer Hidden Pixel Games. Previously, Hidden Pixel developed head-to-head cash eSports games, most notably the hit title Pool Payday. In early 2022, Hidden Pixel moved into blockchain and released three games with web3 platform and publisher, Joyride. With their wealth of experience in this area, they are a perfect fit for the Koin Games family and are stoked to join forces with us to create world-class web3 play and own games. 7.7.22 Fenwick to Represent Koin Games With our goal of serving hundreds of millions of gamers worldwide, legal compliance is of the utmost importance to us. Fenwick is one of the top law firms in the blockchain and web3 space representing prestigious clients such as Coinbase, Parallel Alpha, and Mysten Labs. Today, we proudly announce that Fenwick has officially partnered with Koin Games and will represent us as we build and deliver industry-leading web3 game experiences. 9.9.21 KGDS NFTs Sold Out The Koin Games Dev Squad NFTs, our genesis collection of 5,555 hand-drawn avatars, sold out in a blistering five minutes bringing in over $1.6 million in sales to springboard the project. Looking for more news about the exciting developments at Koin Games? Follow us on Medium and subscribe to our mailing list. Medium Subscribe 