 Story Anatomy Roadmap Team FAQ Buy on Opensea XOLO Keys [NEW] XOLO Editor Meet the first JRNY Club collection, mintable NFTs stored in the Ethereum blockchain. There are four species available each with their own weapons, armor and abilities, with hundreds of unique assets. Scroll to explore the JRNY Villagers Story Crash-landing into unfamiliar terrain The village is a settlement of the survivors that crash landed on the planet XOLO, after fleeing a natural disaster that threatened planet Earth. XOLO is inhabited by a variety of aggressive creatures, so the Villagers had to adapt quickly. To survive they will need to use the land to create weapons, shelter and armor. Exploring the neighborhood ... The dome is an advanced laser technology that creates a protective biosphere over the Village, protecting it against ceaseless attacks from the dangerous species that roam the planet, as well as the inhospitable climate, with small asteroids and space debris assaulting the planet. The Villagers created houses and buildings from materials scoured from the land and salvaged vehicles and technology from the ship. The village was established around the crash site, allowing Villagers to make the most of the little tech they could repurpose. But the planet's other inhabitants attack mercilessly ... So, whose side are you on? Each species has many unique interchangeable traits in the main set, as well as a shared set of weapons that can go to any of them. Villagers After losing the majority of their equipment and weapons in the crash, Villagers are forced to use the resources of Planet XOLO to create new armor and weapons. Many various armors are created that resemble animals from Earth to honor the planet that we once called home. Some Villagers are lucky enough to salvage some of the leftover gear and weapons from the crash. Apes Thanks to rapidly advancing neuro technology on Earth, humans were able to quickly advance the intellectual development of apes. Many of these apes were included on the voyage to the new planet because of their unique skills, strength and creativity. Rabid Some villagers get covered in radioactive waste upon crash landing of the spaceship. The villagers then turn into rabid and have their own special abilities and unique skills. The rabid are still part of the village but have mutated bodies and armor. Aliens The planet is inhabited by another intelligent species. In order to learn from each other’s species and maintain peace, the village exchanges a certain number of their villagers for the same amount from the alien species. The aliens are slightly larger than humans and have energy weapons and advanced technologies. VILLAGERS ANATOMY | 428 ASSETS Helmets Hair Eyes Skin Tones Tails Weapons Mouths Armour Backgrounds 01 Villager Companions Introduction of pet NFTs. 02 Community Wallet For contests, giveaways and rewards. 03 Villager Merch Store Exclusive Villager branded clothing. 04 Villager Battle Game Frequent tournaments to come. 05 3D NFTs 3D models designed for the Metaverse. 06 Villagerverse Development in The Sandbox and other Metaverse platforms. 07 Villager MMORTS Massively multiplayer online real-time strategy game. The brains behind villagers TonySparkOG Founder SneakyBroArt Artists KryptoRick Team Manager AwwwwwSnap Partnership Manager SplitNinja Community Manager DiplomaticDuck Media Specialist Pogo Blockchain Developer FAQs When is the Villagers mint? What Blockchain network will they be on? How many different Villager traits are there? When will the Villagers be revealed? When will the first game be released? How can I get a Villager NFT? 