 EN Page VRWD ZVT DOCS NFT DOCS BOARD VIRUS LAB sns EN EN Language English 한국어 বাংলা Русский 中文 sns EN Page VRWD ZVT DOCS NFT DOCS BOARD VIRUS LAB sns EN EN Language English 한국어 বাংলা Русский 中文 sns Buy Token zombie virus token How to Buy ZVT Token is How to get more ZVT? ZVT zombie virus token The ZVT token serves as the fundamental currency within the Virus World ecosystem, playing a crucial role in various ways. It is extensively utilized within the Virus World ecosystem. the ZVT token can be employed for governance purposes, enabling holders to participate in shaping the project's future direction and various decision-making processes. How to buy ZVT 1 Acquire ETH Move your ETH to MetaMask from the exchange, or purchase ETH with MetaMask. Download Metamask 2 Connect Wallet Please connect your MetaMask to Virus Lab. 3 swap eth for zvt Please exchange your ETH in MetaMask for ZVT. Swap now ZVT Token is Ethereum ZVT COMMUNITY Guild DAO DAO Ethereum ZVT Guild COMMUNITY DAO DAO ZVT is a utility token based on ERC-20 smart contract technology. The ZVT Token is a vital component of the Virus World ecosystem, providing incentives for community members to participate in the V2E system and contribute to the growth of the project and related NFTs. Through the ZVT token, we aim to foster a Web 3.0 community among diverse individuals and create a self-developing Web 3.0 community through REAL DAO, without any specific central authority. Step 1 Main objective is to secure a large number of ZVT holders and position VIRUS WORLD NFTs as top-ranking NFTs on the Ethereum chain. To achieve this, we are actively expanding our community, resulting in a significant increase in the project's brand value. Step 2 By accomplishing gradual decentralization through REAL DAO, whilst enabling the project's advancement. Subsequently, the project will progress significantly based on DAO operations. How to get more ZVT Mining ZVT + 0.24 Mint your own Zombie NFT Acquire Zombie NFTs and continuously earn ZVT through mining. Buy Zombie NFT Level Up your own Zombie Use Doping items to enhance your Zombie NFTs and mine more ZVT. mission DISCORD Join the community and engage with people. mission Infecting Transform into a zombie and infect others. mission Use potions Level up using the Adrenaline Syringe. mission Community activity Achieve Discord Role by interacting and communicating with others. mission Mining Mine 1000 ZVT with your Zombie NFT. mission Join a guild Join the guild with your Zombie NFT. mission DISCORD Join the community and engage with people. mission Infecting Transform into a zombie and infect others. mission Use potions Level up using the Adrenaline Syringe. mission Community activity Achieve Discord Role by interacting and communicating with others. mission Mining Mine 1000 ZVT with your Zombie NFT. mission Join a guild Join the guild with your Zombie NFT. Welcome to Virus World! Join the community, infect others, or participate in various missions to contribute to community expansion and earn rewards! JOIN THE COMMUNITY Evolve and Expand Contribute to our community expansion, grow zombie NFTs and earn more ZVT Bonus Level Up Guild Join Participate in the guild with your Zombie NFTs and earn extra ZVT! Anyone can easily join a guild by using the guild's invitation code. FAQ What is Zombie Virus Token? ZVT is a utility token issued based on ERC-20 smart contract technology. You can hold ZVT tokens using the Metamask Wallet. Its purpose is to establish REAL DAO. How can you get ZVT? You can exchange Ethereum held in Metamask for ZVT, or mine ZVT with Zombie NFTs. Buy Token How do you purchase a Virus World Zombie NFT? You can mint with ZVT, and to do so, you`ll need a V-link. (A V-link refers to the recommendation link of another Zombie NFT holder, or you can also mint by entering the Zombie NFT Number instead of the link.) Mint Zombie NFT Acquire V-Link What can you do with a Zombie NFT? As you grow your Zombie NFT, the zombie becomes more powerful, enabling you to mine more ZVT. You can strengthen the Zombie NFT by infecting (minting) others, using items with ZVT, or completing missions like community activities. Use Items What else can we do? You can join a 'guild' with your Zombie NFT to acquire additional ZVT while mining. Anyone can easily join a guild by using the invitation code of each guild. Find your own guild join the community Get the Edge with Virus World Community! Stay effortlessly informed about the latest news from Virus World. vrwd ㆍ zombie virus token ㆍ How to Buy ZVT ㆍ ZVT Token is ㆍ How to get more ZVT Page Download Metamask JOIN THE COMMUNITY Buy Zombie NFTs Swap now join the community Get the Edge with Virus World Community! Stay effortlessly informed about the latest news from Virus World. Become a Partner of VRWD! Are you a crypto influencer? Feel free to reach out to us for an evaluation. If you're approved, we'll be thrilled to support you with exclusive guild NFTs and help expand our community together. Business Inquiries : official@virusworld.org Apply to become a partner zvt 