 Skip to content powered by Gala Souls Odyssey VOXverse Purchase Exchange Discord Connect Wallet open menu Collect Skins. Win Prizes. Become Top Plucker! Sign up below to learn more Sign up I accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy . I agree to receive promotional materials from VOX, and I understand that I can withdraw my consent at any time. Check out the inaugural series Town Star Each of the 8,888 VOX in the inaugural series are based on beloved characters from Gala Games' Town Star, and all are playable in-game. Buy Now Watch Trailer Series two is full of Fantasy Creatures Mirandus Mirandus VOX are inspired by the creatures and heroes of Mirandus. They'll offer in-game boosts when paired with Exemplar avatars, and other in-game rewards. Buy Now Watch Trailer Characters from AMC's The Walking Dead AMC's The Walking Dead These VOX will be playable in the upcoming game, The Walking Dead: Empires. TWD are based on characters from The Walking Dead, featuring both Living and Dead VOX. Buy Now Watch Trailer Check out the inaugural series Town Star Each of the 8,888 VOX in the inaugural series are based on beloved characters from Gala Games' Town Star, and all are playable in-game. Buy Now Watch Trailer Series two is full of Fantasy Creatures Mirandus Mirandus VOX are inspired by the creatures and heroes of Mirandus. They'll offer in-game boosts when paired with Exemplar avatars, and other in-game rewards. Buy Now Watch Trailer Characters from AMC's The Walking Dead AMC's The Walking Dead These VOX will be playable in the upcoming game, The Walking Dead: Empires. TWD are based on characters from The Walking Dead, featuring both Living and Dead VOX. Buy Now Watch Trailer Check out the inaugural series Town Star Each of the 8,888 VOX in the inaugural series are based on beloved characters from Gala Games' Town Star, and all are playable in-game. Buy Now Watch Trailer Series two is full of Fantasy Creatures Mirandus Mirandus VOX are inspired by the creatures and heroes of Mirandus. They'll offer in-game boosts when paired with Exemplar avatars, and other in-game rewards. Buy Now Watch Trailer Characters from AMC's The Walking Dead AMC's The Walking Dead These VOX will be playable in the upcoming game, The Walking Dead: Empires. TWD are based on characters from The Walking Dead, featuring both Living and Dead VOX. Buy Now Watch Trailer OUR PARTNERS THE VOXverse Goes Hollywood Dreamworks trolls are coming to the voxverse Gala is reimagining your favorite DreamWorks Trolls characters as provably unique, NFT avatars in the VOXverse VOXverse The newest addition to The VOX community and VOXverse All VOX come from VOXverse. Gala is teaming up with the minds behind The Sims to create a dynamic world where VOX can come together and thrive in play-to-earn glory. VOXverse Introducing Vox Odyssey Play the text-based choose-your-own adventure game playable in Discord. Go on quests with your VOX! Sign up Latest News Introducing DreamWorks Trolls VOX Series 4 VOX are almost here! Get DreamWorks Trolls VOX on 10/14! Read Article VOX Odyssey | How to Play It’s finally here! If you own at least one VOX and a Soul, VOX Odyssey is now open in early access for you to explore! Read Article Introducing AMC's The Walking Dead VOX It's time for the next exciting installment of Gala's partnership with AMC Networks. Read Article Mirandus VOX: The Great Revealing 8888 unique Mirandus VOX have until now been nestled snug in their Boxes... Read Article VOX Boxes Have Dropped! The Mirandus VOX Box drop brought in a huge wave of users trying to purchase... Read Article Mirandus VOX: What you Need to Know The day of the highly anticipated Mirandus VOX Box Drop is rapidly approaching... Read Article Mirandus VOX: Utility Reveal Conversation surrounding the upcoming Mirandus VOX Drop has been building momentum... Read Article Join The Community Don't miss out on a single moment of this revolution in digital collectibles. Join the Discord FAQs What is a VOX? A VOX is a unique avatar with randomly generated traits. VOX are collectible ERC-721 NFTs. Each VOX is programmatically generated and provably unique, meaning that no two VOX will look the same. What is an NFT? An NFT is a "non-fungible token," a unique digital asset that can be verified on the blockchain. Where are VOX built? VOX are built and live on the Ethereum blockchain as ERC-721 collectibles, which can be held in an Ethereum wallet, such as MetaMask. Do VOX have utility? Yes, VOX are designed to have various utilities. That means they will serve a purpose beyond just being a cute avatar that you can own and animate. VOX will be playable characters in VOXverse, the upcoming game designed by Sims Creator Will Wright. There are additional utilities as well, such as in-game benefits in Town Star, Mirandus, and The Walking Dead: Empires. How do I reveal my VOX? Go to CollectVOX.com and exchange your ERC-1155 VOX Box token for an ERC-721 VOX. When do I pay gas fees? You will need to pay gas fees when purchasing your VOX Box in the Gala Store or Coinbase NFT (for Series 4) and also when you “reveal” your VOX. Is each series unique? Yes. Not only is each VOX unique, but each series contains unique sets of randomized traits and characteristics, ensuring new styles for each new series. Does rarity matter? Every VOX is unique, not just because of their metadata but also in the way they look. That said, some VOX are waaaaay rarer than others. When it comes to VOXcoin, the rarer your VOX, the greater your potential rewards. How are the traits provably randomly generated? Each VOX starts with the selection of a class, and from there, the traits appropriate for that class are iterated, making selections from the allowed options. Data is then compared to all other existing VOX to ensure uniqueness. Each trait has a list of options, either a color palette (with a selection of colors designed to work together) or a group of specific choices, like hairstyles or held items. Because different classes have different requirements, some classes have different color palettes or styles, and the generator takes this into consideration. Then from the pool the generator creates, we pick the most fun, unique VOX that'll make up the 8888 to be in a series. How are they provably randomly distributed? Embedded in the VOX contract is a Provenance Hash, an SHA-256 calculated from all VOX metadata, models, and images in sequential order. You can use this to prove that your VOX hasn't been rearranged or manipulated in any way during the pre-reveal period. When enough VOX have been purchased, and the “reveal” occurs, a random number will be generated using Chainlink VRF . This number is used as an offset to determine the actual VOX you get! There’s no way to know in advance what VOX you’ll get. How many VOX drops have there been? The Town Star inaugural series was the first VOX drop, the Mirandus VOX series was the second, TWD VOX drop was the third, and now DreamWorks Animation's Trolls VOX is the fourth. How do I buy VOX? Series 4 VOX (DreamWorks Animation's Trolls VOX) can be purchased in primary sales (drops) through Coinbase NFT. This means all participants must have a Coinbase NFT account, which is free to create and easy to connect a Web3 Ethereum-compatible wallet. ETH will be needed to cover network fees (gas) and the purchase price. Why Did Gala create VOX? Because, simply, Gala Games has the best community out there—for real. So, we wanted to create a character series for our community that they could adopt and use, but a simple avatar just wasn’t enough. That’s why we’re bringing VOX, avatars that DeFi, to the metaverse! How many VOX will there be? There will be 8888 VOX per series. How can I animate my VOX? When you buy a VOX, you will get the corresponding FBX file, which can be used to import your VOX into game engines, such as Unity and other viewing programs. This is the gateway to animating, 3D printing, and more. How will I know how rare my VOX is? Soon after your VOX is revealed, you can see how rare your VOX traits are by using the ranking tools at https://rarity.tools/ . Do I have to be part of the Gala Games community to get a VOX? No, but you will need to have enough funds in your Web3 wallet. If you aren’t already part of the Gala Games community, let us be the first to extend an invitation to join: GalaGames.chat . Our Discord channel is a great place to meet like-minded, VOX-loving individuals and to stay up to date! Does Series 4 VOX have specific utility? Yes, buying a DreamWorks Animation's Trolls VOX box gives you a chance to win VOXverse land parcels (from common to ancient rarity), Gala Music allowlist, and Gala Film NFTs of the DreamWorks Trolls VOX Official Trailer (with potential to receive rewards). Winners will have this utility distributed after Series 4 exchange. Holders also get access to limited-edition, premium DreamWorks Trolls VOX hoodies. Show more Get The Latest News Sign up I accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy . I agree to receive promotional materials from VOX, and I understand that I can withdraw my consent at any time. Resources Contact us FAQ Social media Twitter Medium Instagram Youtube Discord ©2022 Gala Games. All rights reserved. DreamWorks Trolls © 2022 DreamWorks Animation LCC All Rights Reserved Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy 