 W3 Chat Explore Say hello to web3! Simple, reliable, private messaging using your Ethereum address Download Say hello to Ethereum . Say hello to 👸🏼 Usernames . Say hello to 🖼 NFTs . Say hello to 🎉 Community . Say hello to 🔒 Privacy . Sign in with Ethereum Your wallet is your account. Say goodbye to emails and phone numbers. Your account is created using your Ethereum wallet. You can use any Ethereum wallet, such as Metamask, to sign up. No passwords, no usernames, no recovery codes, no nothing. Just you and your wallet. Ethereum is the most popular blockchain in the world. Supported Wallets Connect using wallets on Ethereum blockchain Rainbow Wallet Trust Wallet Coinbase Wallet Metamask Use Web3 username You username is your identity Chat using your Web3 domain. You can use any domain you own, and you can change it whenever you want. WNS Web3 Name Service ENS Ethereum Name Service Keep up with groups Friends, family, and more Join and create groups. You can customize your groups and invite your friends to join. Join groups to stay up to date with the latest news and updates from your friends and family. Private Groups End-to-end encrypted Public Groups Shareable via invite link End-to-end encrypted We value privacy . Keep everything hidden. Our end-to-end encryption ensures that your conversations are kept secure, and that neither we nor any other party can access your messages or media. Privacy is a fundamental aspect of our service and is always in effect, without any need to activate it. All messages, photos, videos, and files are encrypted. Questions? We're here to help What is W3 Mail? W3 Mail is a secure mailing protocol that uses Blockchain technology and the Interplanetary File System to provide a highly secure email platform. Emails are securely stored on the distributed IPFS network, and are encrypted using end-to-end encryption. The platform ensures that only the intended recipient can access the message, making it a reliable and secure email communication option for businesses and individuals. How does it work? The platform uses end-to-end encryption, which means that all emails are first encrypted on the sender's device before being transmitted. The encrypted email is then stored on the distributed IPFS network, ensuring redundancy, availability, and accessibility from any location worldwide. The email along with the hash of the encrypted email content is then transmitted to the Blockchain, where a record of the transaction is stored. Upon arrival at the recipient's device, the email is decrypted, ensuring that only the intended recipient can access the message. This process ensures that all messages sent through W3 Mail are highly secure and private. What is the difference between W3 Mail and Web2 email platforms? The main difference between W3 Mail and other web2 email clients lies in their approach to security and privacy. While web2 clients relies on centralized servers and third-party providers to store and transmit emails, W3 Mail utilizes blockchain technology and a distributed network of computers to provide an unparalleled level of security and privacy. W3 Mail uses end-to-end encryption to ensure that emails are secure from unauthorized access or tampering. Furthermore, W3 Mail does not collect or store any user data, ensuring that all communications remain private and anonymous. Can I send emails to Web2 clients like Gmail and Outlook? No, you cannot send emails to Web2 clients as W3 Mail and Web2 clients are built on different architectures. What is the difference between W3 Mail and W3 Mail protocol? The W3 Mail protocol is a secure mailing protocol that uses Blockchain technology to provide a highly secure email platform. W3 Mail is a secure email client that uses the W3 Mail protocol to provide a highly secure email platform. Though the name is identical, W3 Mail is a client built upon the W3 Mail protocol. Other email clients can be also built upon the W3 Mail protocol. Can I build my own client on the W3 Mail protocol? Yes, you can build your own client on the W3 Mail protocol. The W3 Mail protocol is open-source and free to use. You can find the source code on PolygonScan. We will post instructions on creating an email client in our docs. Does it cost gas to send emails? No, it does not cost gas to send emails. The W3 Mail protocol is free to use. We handle all gas costs on your behalf How can I send emails to other users? You can send emails to other users who are registered on W3 Mail using their Ethereum address or their Web3 username from W3 Name Service (WNS) Access on your devices Chat on every device you own. iPhone Coming soon Android Coming soon Web Coming soon Explore W3 Discover more products by W3 W3 Name Service Your Web3 username - mapping of your wallet address to human-readable names Visit W3 Name Service Live W3 Mail The most secure and private email protocol built on the security of the Blockchain technology Visit W3 Mail Live W3 Chat Simple, reliable, private messaging using your Ethereum address Visit W3 Chat Live W3 Academy Learn all about Web3 in once place Visit W3 Academy Live W3 Wallet Your self-custody wallet for everything Web3 Visit W3 Wallet Development W3 Chat is part of the W3 ecosystem W3 is helping build the third generation of Web. W3 Ecosystem W3 Labs W3 Name Service W3 Academy W3 Mail W3 Wallet Join the community W3 Chat contact@w3.one © W3 Labs, 2021 