 Domain Web3 Browser Extensions On the Track Search domain 0 Log In &nbsp;/&nbsp; Sign Up *DNA: Domain, Name, Account Start with choosing an NFT domain Use any language and symbol Pay for 1 get 3 in: BNB Chain, Polygon, Ethereum Get rich! Get rich! Get rich! Get *DNA for Web3 &amp; Enjoy Domain / Name / Account DOMAIN Your top level domain to host a decentralized website in any spoken language. Upload your website directly to blockchain to secure it from DDOS-attacks and censorship. Own your domain forever - no renewal and hosting fees. Choose Domain NAME Username and identity for Web3 apps: GameFi, DEX, DAO, decentralized messengers, social networks. Choose Name ACCOUNT Web3 account to receive funds in any chain. Forget about long and confusing addresses - use your *DNA instead. Choose Account Partners View more Be the One in Web3 Domain without extension W3DNA reinvented NFT domains offering only top level domains (TLDs). Now everyone has the opportunity to be the one in Web3. The only *Vitalik, *John or *Mike. News Your W3DNA Domain is Now Also on Polygon medium.com May 5, 2023 Receive 20% of Your Referrals’ Purchase. medium.com February 23, 2022 How to Mint Your W3DNA Domain on BNB. medium.com February 8, 2022 Now with your W3DNA coupons, you can pay up to 50% of a purchase June 17, 2023 W3DNA is Introducing Its Token medium.com May 9, 2023 Your W3DNA Domain is Now Also on Polygon medium.com May 5, 2023 Receive 20% of Your Referrals’ Purchase. medium.com February 23, 2022 How to Mint Your W3DNA Domain on BNB. medium.com February 8, 2022 Now with your W3DNA coupons, you can pay up to 50% of a purchase June 17, 2023 W3DNA is Introducing Its Token medium.com May 9, 2023 Your W3DNA Domain is Now Also on Polygon medium.com May 5, 2023 Surf the Decentralised Web with *W3DNA Supported Browsers *W3DNA Download for Download for Google Chrome Download&nbsp;extension Opera Download&nbsp;extension Brave Download&nbsp;extension Microsoft Edge Coming soon Mozilla Firefox Download&nbsp;extension No extension $ No renewal fees Any symbol Any language What others say Livine Sanchez February 6, 2023 *W2DNA Overview: Benefits Of Web3 Domains. zycrypto.com Adrian Barkley December 20, 2022 W3DNA Review: The Pros, The Cons, And How You Can Make A Fortune From It cryptodaily.co.uk Navid Ladani December 19, 2022 W3DNA Facilitates the Buying and Selling of Crypto Domains benzinga.com Livine Sanchez February 6, 2023 *W2DNA Overview: Benefits Of Web3 Domains. zycrypto.com Adrian Barkley December 20, 2022 W3DNA Review: The Pros, The Cons, And How You Can Make A Fortune From It cryptodaily.co.uk Navid Ladani December 19, 2022 W3DNA Facilitates the Buying and Selling of Crypto Domains benzinga.com Livine Sanchez February 6, 2023 *W2DNA Overview: Benefits Of Web3 Domains. zycrypto.com Adrian Barkley December 20, 2022 W3DNA Review: The Pros, The Cons, And How You Can Make A Fortune From It cryptodaily.co.uk Navid Ladani December 19, 2022 W3DNA Facilitates the Buying and Selling of Crypto Domains benzinga.com Frequently asked questions What are the rules to participate in “Get 2 for the Price of 1”? Every W3DNA Domain Check is Rewarded with the Same Worth Coupon! Make sure you are eligible and follow these steps to get your free domains: Make a purchase using your bank card or wallet before June 1 (Purchases made with W3DNA coupons are not eligible). Use your coupon(s) to pay up to 100% for domains of your choice (Your coupon(s) will be available in your W3DNA account automatically after purchase). PN: There is no limit on the participating checks. Feel free to come back with new domain ideas as many times as you like. Hurry up to enjoy this wonderful offer What are the advantages of buying *W3DNA domain names? *W3DNA domains will be registered in any language, even in hieroglyphs in any language and symbol with no extension and length limits. How can I use my *DNA? *W3DNA domain usage: - Resell the best domain names - Launch your own indexed sites - Receive payments in cryptocurrency to your domain from friends and clients - Create your personal pages in a decentralized social network - Communicating in the decentralized messenger Why does *W3DNA have no extensions? The *W3DNA domain has no extension: Vitalik is simply better than Vitalik.eth Are *W3DNA NFT domains part of IPFS or ICANN? *W3DNA is an NFT domain in Web3, they are not part of the current DNS. *W3DNA protocol is a blockchain-built-in tool to index content that allows refuse IPFS and other bridging. What is the maximum length of a name I can register? *W3DNA domains will be registered with no length limit. How can I get W3DNA coupons? There are different coupons for different actions: Register on https://w3dna.net and get your first coupon, worth $5. Complete all social tasks on Gleam and get a $10 coupon. How can I buy a W3DNA domain? Find the full instruction on Medium or YouTube If I log in from a mobile, which wallet should I use? Buying a W3DNA domain using a mobile device is only available via WalletConnect. Are there any payment limits? Unfortunately, there are. Due to some technical reasons, payments by debit cards are only possible for purchases starting from $5. If the domain price is equal or less than your coupon value, you can pay up to 100% of the price with it. Are there any geographical limitations for those who pay with a bank card? Yes, unfortunately there are. Please find here the list of the countries that are not supported by our payment partner wert.io. Please notice: if you are physically located in a country listed here , you will not be able to make a payment, even with a card issued by a bank from a supported country (unless you use VPN). In case you find yourself under these limitations, please use your crypto funds. What should I do if the purchase is not going through? Please check if you are a registered user. If you are not, create an account here and get your guaranteed registration coupon. Choose your *DNA for Web3 &nbsp; ©2023 Documents Terms Privacy Policy Hi traveller, we use cookies. To enhance the functionality of our website and improve your experience, we collect, store, and process some of your personal data and use cookies. By continuing to use this website, you are consenting to and accepting our processing of your personal data. I’ve read the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions . I confirm that I want to use this website. Accept all 