 Wampires Whitepaper Invest Blog Coingecko CMC Contract Add to wallet Open app Compete Create Earn Decentralised Gaming Ecosystem Powered by Ai, Secured by Blockchain, Governed by the WAM token Compete In tournaments to win digital assets like the WAM token and collectibles Create Games with AI and earn WAM tokens when others play your game Earn Real Rewards &amp; trade them with other people in the marketplace Awards WINNER - Best Blockchain Startup Crypto Expo Europe Mar, 2023 - Bucharest, RO #1 dApp - No. of transactions BNB Chain Dec, 2022 - dappradar.com TOP 100 Startups Slush Dec, 2022 - Helsinki, FI WINNER - Best Blockchain dApp European Metaverse Awards Nov, 2022 - Berlin, DE WINNER - North Star Future Blockchain Summit ( @Gitex ) Sep, 2022 - Dubai, UAE WINNER - Best App Webstock Awards Sep, 2022 - Bucharest, RO FINALIST - Top 10 LEAP Conference Feb, 2023 - Riyadh, KSA FINALIST - Best Innovation Mobile Games Awards Jun, 2022 - London, UK FINALIST - Best Innovation Mobile Games Awards Jul, 2021 - London, UK +510k MAU +3.3M InApp Transactions +1.5M Registered Accounts +270k Community Members +12k Tournaments in 2022 +20 Community Tournaments +510k MAU +3.3M InApp Transactions +1.5M Registered Accounts +270k Community Members +12k Tournaments in 2022 +20 Community Tournaments Dashboard Tournaments Wallet Profile Chat Rewards Buy with card Onchain deposit Onchain withdrawal Achievements Badges Notifications History Awesome Because Your wallet, your funds Scared of losing your money? You are in full control of your funds, digital assets &amp; collectibles. Enjoy complete ownership and make your gaming experience secure and sound. Cool avatars Show off your in-game status and proudly display your NFT collection. Collect, trade or sell them. Chat with fren Connect and engage with fellow players, share tips and tricks, but most importantly, share experiences with the community. Simple topup Unlock effortless gaming by purchasing in-game currency with your credit or debit card. Focus on fun, leave the hassle behind. Active marketplace Be part of the in-game economy with our Marketplace where you can buy and sell digital assets such as Avatars, Boosters, Badges and other special items — directly from other players. You can win Knock down exciting goals and collect the rewards of your hard work. You're rewarded for every step you make. Spark friendly competition among players and watch your engagement soar. Tones of trophies Grow your status and claim your recognition with our stylish Badges. Be the envy of your peers with each Badge earned. Fren is there Expand your circle of friends and multiply the fun. Receive rewards for inviting your friends in the app and watch the community you’re part of thrive.. Your profile grows Stay ahead of the game and track your victory march. Monitor your performance, measure it against your peers stay motivated to improve. Enjoy an immersive and rewarding gaming experience. Create your matches Join forces with other players and create a world of endless competition with our User Generated Tournaments. Take control of your gaming experience by creating tournaments that suit your needs and preferences. Attract players of your like. Make games like a PRO Enjoy a constantly evolving and personalized gaming journey, as AI adapts to your play style and created dynamic content and game elements just for you. Push your skills to the limit with adaptive gameplay that always keeps you on the toes. No cheaters We offer a secure and trustworthy environment by using cutting-edge tech and AI so you can focus more on playing the game without worrying about fraud or malicious behavior. We’re constantly monitoring and protecting our players’ account to ensure a fair and enjoyable gaming experience. Team up Grab your friends in your team and keep your enemies on other side. Create strong bonds with other players by sharing the same goal: destroying your competition. Collaborate, develop strategies, and don’t forget: never leave your teammates behind. Multiple game modes Choose the mode that suits you the best, whether you prefer a personalized gaming experience or a social and competitive environment. Solo play or with your friends — enjoy WAM on your terms. Stream and earn Share your gaming experience with others, showcase your skills and strategies to a wider audience with Streamr. A WAM streaming service right in your pocket. 2023 Roadmap Q1 New UI, Dashboard, User progress, Extra lives, Per game progress, New inApp Tokenomics, Web3 Store, Boosters, Achievements Q2 Investor dashboad, Avatars as NFTs, Ai Avatars, Non-Custodial wallets, Marketplace, Multiple languages Q3 New games, Full on-chain transition, Friend referral system, On-chain tournaments, Ai Fraud Detection full roll-out Q4 Ai User Generated Games, Ai custom gameplay, Level based game skins, Partner programme The Team Join our communities Our Partners WAM is operated by Digitap World SRL with the registered address at Cometei St. no. 5, Cluj-Napoca, 400493, Cluj under the laws of Romania. © Digitap World SRL 2017 Branding Verify Terms Privacy Restrictions Contact us via email at &nbsp; support@wam.app 