 Twitter Telegram Discord Combinator Partnerships Docs 💰 Split Staking has stealth launched! Purchase multiple to get the best price! The premier stablecoin accrual protocol for everyone in DeFi. Enter dapp Wealth Portfolio Total value of holdings, investments, and earnings of the Wealth Portfolio. Total Value Staked $0 Sum of total value currently staked in Wealth Mountain Smart Contracts. 6000+ users 20+ investments 50+ content partners 300+ daily transactions Be a part of the change that DeFi needs. How Wealth Mountain works The Wealth Mountain protocols are fueled by the growth of the Wealth Portfolio, a public wallet that is actively managed at the discretion of the Wealth Mountain Team. Staking, reimagined. Wealth Mountain is about inclusivity, growth, and a common passion that users have to make an impact on the DeFi space while earning rewards along the way! Advertise with us! Ever wonder what it's like to be a whale? The Wealth Portfolio is the first ever community-involved whale wallet dedicated to giving smaller users the opportunity to make exponential gains. We believe it's still possible to make dramatic returns in DeFi. As the landscape evolves, we'll be here to reap the rewards! Wealth Portfolio Dashboard The only all-in-one organization committed to the growth of DeFi. Creators Let's collab! Devs Get funding! dApps Let's partner! Marketers Contact us! We've demonstrated it for months and plan to continue to show our support for content creators, developers, dApp teams, marketers, and more! Wealth Mountain takes pride in helping to create new jobs in the DeFi space while also supporting countless users looking to make DeFi their home. The road to #MORE_WEALTH Bear Markets are for building. Wealth Mountain started in July 2022 with the mission to make an impact on the DeFi space. We've set a new standard of transparency across protocols and created waves in communities across multiple blockchains. This is just the beginning! Getting involved Liquid Staking Absolutely risk-free with proportional rewards! Have access to your stake at any point with zero chance of overlap with rewards. Liquid Stakes sit in an isolated pool and remain untouched for the duration of your stake. Rewards are proportional to your staking amount. The more you stake, the larger your share in the Liquid Staking pool to earn a portion of Liquidity Injections. No reliance on new stakes or capital. If users choose to unstake, existing stakers earn more. Alternatively, creating new stakes allow the Wealth Portfolio to grow and generate more revenue. Split Staking Purchase split stakes and earn split rewards! Purchase a Split Stake to deploy your capital via the Wealth Portfolio. Prices are determined by the Wealth Mountain Smart Contracts, as dictated by project activity. Rewards are evenly distributed amongst all Split Stakes. The more Split Stakes you purchase, the more you earn. Users always have the option to sell their Split Stake back to the Wealth Mountain Smart Contracts for a predetermined resale price. Sales of Split Stakes mean more rewards for existing Split Stake holders. Early Adopter Staking We appreciate our Early Adopters and risk-takers that supported the V1 platform! Early Adopter Stakes will enjoy various perks to show gratitude for their support in Wealth Mountain V1. These stakes are locked due to risks taken in V1. Early Adopter users can expect frequent rewards distributions from flexible payout methods. Utilize a combination of both Proportional and Custom distribution types, allowing users to earn in more ways than one! Additional perks include special airdrops, voting and nomination tokens, private groups, and early access to the innovative features Wealth Mountain plans to release! Revolutionary rewards mechanics Enjoy a completely revamped earnings model as a supporter of the Wealth Mountain mission! Rewards pools remain isolated from staking pools to ensure top-notch security for users at all times. 1 The Wealth Portfolio continues to generate revenue, building up positions and compounding earnings 2 Users create stakes and fees are paid out to the Wealth Portfolio to help build additional leverage 3 Wealth Portfolio distributes earnings generated at a cadence established in the Liquidity Injection Roadmap 4 Users can visit the dApp to view Liquidity Injections and claim rewards for each of their stake types 