 $ $ Referral $ Passport Explorer Connect Wallet Buy a Search for the permanent domain name of the Web3 Passport you want. .web3.com Search Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com Yourname.web3.com What is ? Introduction Web3 Passport is an ecosystem credential to connect the Web2 and Web3, composed of Profile and a DID named "Web3ite Pass". Each Passport corresponds to a unique "web3.com" domain name. Profile for Web3 Owners can create and edit a profile page with the same domain name. This page can display multi-dimensional information about a person or organization. DID: Web3ite Pass Web3ite Pass is an Ethereum-based NFT that adheres to the ERC-721 standard. It offers a distinctive "xxx.web3.com" name, serving as Web3 username. Web3ite Pass will extend its presence to other popular networks and use it across services soon. What you can do with rapheal.web3.com SchoolofAthens.web3.com Yourname.web3.com For Builder/Influencer/Creator: Direct audiences to important links Express yourself and attract more followers Let your content and results get more attention and reading Demonstrate your seniority, influence and achievements in the Web3 world specialities: Integrate Web2 and Web3 As vital infrastructure of the Internet, the traditional domain name system enjoys wide consensus and recognition, and we believe that Web3 cannot and should not leave this consensus behind. Therefore, Web3ite Pass tries to integrate the consensus of traditional domain names in the off-chain world into Web3, such as using NFTs to assign ownership of domain names, and applying DNS domain names to the blockchain based on existing protocols and infrastructure. We give DNS domain names unprecedented value with the characteristics of blockchains. Easy to disseminate With the consensus that has developed with traditional DNS domains, the web3.com domains are memorable and easy to disseminate, perfect for Web3 explorers to use, and are a natural focus of the attention of the Web3 community. Discord Twitter Mirror Wiki Receive timely updates from us Subscribe Terms of Service Privacy policy Design with love © web3.com 2022. All rights reserved 