 Your browser does not support the audio element. Projects WWY Token IDO Staking Referral Crypto Startups with growth right from the start We have guaranteed large allocations Top project IDO date: SOON Ethereum PATEX Fundraise goal 200,000 USDT Price per token 0.95 USDT Participate partnerships wePad achievements ATH AVERAGE ROI 16.06x KYC users &gt; 6,000 Community &gt; 40,000 influencers 676 Average allocation Bigger means more! The larger the staking amount, the bigger the allocation! min 20 max 747 mean 66 Community Join our community and stay up to date with all the latest updates and events! Registration open projects Past projects wwy token WWY token is a utility token within the WeWay Ecosystem. At WePad WWY stakers can receive access to the guaranteed allocations in the IDOs. Token Price $0.00289 Market Cap $7.9M WWY Staking Total 584.5M WWY $1.7M ido in 2 simple steps We make it possible to get a guaranteed allocation already in the first round. Round 1 Guaranteed If you fulfill all the conditions, you are guaranteed to receive an allocation! The round lasts for 6 hours . Round 2 FCFS All participants who registered for the IDO can take part in the FCFS round. The early bird gets the worm! All users who have fulfilled the conditions will be able to participate again. staking Pools Choose a plan to start earning long-term rewards and be eligable to participate in IDO on WePad. Go to staking options WePad Referral Program 1 Participant = 10 BUSD in WWY! Invite your friends to WePad and get 10 BUSD! More referrals, more fun – and more WWY tokens in your account! Step 1 Connect your wallet. Step 2 Click "Join Now" and share your unique referral link with your friends. Step 3 Get 10 BUSD for each invited participant in the WePad IDO! Join Now Subscribe Be the first to know about upcoming projects. Subscribe to our email newsletter. Subscribe Stake WWY to participate in the best IDOs and earn multiple rewards on WePad. support@wepad.io Product Homepage Projects Staking pools Help center LEGAL Tokenomics Privacy Notice Terms of Services Risks Disclosure Statement SERVICES Github Smart Contract Audit 