We're sorry but WING doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. Assets Deposited $ 0A Cross-Chain DeFi Platform. A Cross-Chain DeFi Platform. Wing Project Wing is a cross-chain decentralized lending platform. As a DeFi platform dedicated to the digital asset lending market, Wing supports cross-chain interactions between a variety of DeFi products. Combined with the Wing DAO (decentralized autonomous organization), the platform's decentralized governance model and risk control mechanism aim to foster mutually beneficial relationships between borrowers, creditors, and guarantors. In addition, Wing offers an innovative credit evaluation module that rewards users for developing good credit on the blockchain. Learn More WING TokenGovernance WING token holders may participate in the governance of the Wing DAO community. This includes voting for the launch of new products, product application rules of the WING token, allocation of the Wing DAO community fund, and possibly other new governance proposals for community. Incentive The daily constant release of WING tokens is assigned to each product based on the transaction volume of DeFi products on the Wing platform. Each product will allocate WING tokens to the debtor, creditor, and guarantors who in turn provide deposits according to the existing allocation rules. Release 80% of the total supply of WING tokens will be released regularly as liquid incentives and deposit based incentives. The remaining 20% will be kept in an escrow account for the Wing DAO community fund in order to ensure long-term community governance, risk control and emergency response actions. Wing DAO Community members are encouraged to discuss and submit proposals to help improve Wing‘s suite’ of decentralized financial services. Join the Wing DAO today to help build a decentralized, credit-based financial ecosystem for all. Submit a Proposal Join Our Community Partners Developed by the Ontology team|@Wing Finance 2020-2023