 Menu Wizards Summoning Lands News Whitepaper EN VI TH ES Join our Discord Go to App Experience Epic Magical Battles with Powerful Wizards Discover the Future of Gaming with Revolutionary Multiplayer NFT Blockchain Game - Free to Play with Built-in Play &amp; Earn System! Google Play Windows App Store Available soon macOs Available soon More platforms Free to Play Wizarre is absolutely Free to Play. Anyone can join and explore, no Web3 wallet required! Play Game Play &amp; Earn Earn from the game without investment with innovative Play &amp; Earn mechanic! Go to App HOW IT Works? If you ever dreamed of being a Powerful Wizard, going on exciting adventures, and fighting in magical battles, this game is for you! Element: Nature Element: Fire Element: Fire Element: Water Name: Starfruit Grants Lifesteal Name: Eyeyey Summons an elemental auto-aim turret Name: Fire Roots Prevents the enemy from moving Name: Facehugger Casts a projectile Calamari Alieni that Blinds the target Element: Nature Element: Nature Element: Nature Element: Nature Name: Beetle Juice Gives each spell a small chance to poison the target Name: Nature Straw Deals short-range elemental damage while channeling Name: Nature Roots Prevents the enemy from moving Name: Nuclear Broccolini Shoots broccoli in the chosen direction with a delayed nuclear explosion, causing damage to everyone within range of the blast Element: Water Element: Water Element: Water Element: Fire Name: Starfish Grants minor chance on spell hit to invoke Tentackle near the target Name: Water Straw Deals short-range elemental damage while channeling Name: Water Zip Prevents the target from casting spells Name: Mah Laser Conjures a massive Fire Beam that shoots across the whole battlefield Element: Nature Element: Fire Element: Fire Element: Fire Name: Friendly Cone Slightly reduces friendly fire Name: Fireball Shoots a fireball that explodes upon impact, damaging everyone within range of the blast Name: Fire Roots Prevents the enemy from moving Name: Living Bomb Changes the enemy's emblem to a Bomb Element: Fire Element: Water Element: Water Element: Water Name: Phoenix Feather Grants a one-time rebirth Name: Crabby Conjures the pinching Crabby in front of the spellcaster Name: Water Mirror Redirects the received spell damage to the caster Name: Crabgoyle Conjures a huge Crabby that deals damage on contact or attacking the nearest enemy in range Element: Nature Element: Nature Element: Nature Element: Nature Name: Regrowth Regenerates some health points each turn Name: Earth Poke Causes a small explosion at the target point, dealing minor nature damage Name: Nature Cube Hides the caster inside elemental block Name: Revive Brings the target Wizard back to life How to play Welcome To Wizarre Universe Create the best Wizards, level them up, and train your skills to become the best. Wizarre is easy to learn but hard to master! Wizard Details Team Buff Name: Starfruit Grants Lifesteal Ultimate Spell Name: Facehugger Casts a projectile Calamari Alieni that Blinds the target Defensive Spell Name: Fire Roots Prevents the enemy from moving Offensive Spell Name: Eyeyey Summons an elemental auto-aim turret Emblem Element: Nature Determines the global buff Hat Element: Fire Determines offensive spell Robe Element: Fire Determines Ultimate Spell Staff Element: Water Determines Defensive Spell Emblem Element: Nature Determines the global buff Team Buff Name: Starfruit Grants Lifesteal Hat Element: Fire Determines offensive spell Offensive Spell Name: Eyeyey Summons an elemental auto-aim turret Robe Element: Fire Determines Ultimate Spell Defensive Spell Name: Fire Roots Prevents the enemy from moving Staff Element: Water Determines Defensive Spell Ultimate Spell Name: Facehugger Casts a projectile Calamari Alieni that Blinds the target Learn About Wizards Ritual of Summoning It's one of the most crucial parts of the game. This feature allows you to grow your NFT army to become unstoppable on the battlegrounds and in the ranking. 1 To start the fun, you need two NFT Wizards and one NFT Land (Portal). 2 Freshly summoned Wizards take the form of an Elemental for 72 hours. 3 During the NFT breeding process, Wizards inherit features from both the Wizards used for summoning and those that performed the summoning. Learn About Ritual Land #155 Land #379 44x12 Twin Beaks Fire Rare Moderate chance to summon two Wizards at a time Land #42 35x23 Voodoo Nature Normal Minor chance to save the soul of the Summoner Wizard NFT&nbsp;Lands Within the Wizarre game, NFT Lands are extremely valuable, as they have plenty of different uses. With a limited amount, this is your job to bring new Wizards into the game with this indestructible asset. Use Lands as a part of Ritual of Summoning and benefit from their unique bonuses. The rarer the land, the stronger its bonus! You can essentially become Community's Landlord and rent your NFT Lands to other players within the game - in return, you'll earn lucrative rewards. Learn About Lands Type: Soul Gate Coordinates: 44x18 Element: Water Rarity: Normal Power: Minor chance to summon a Wizard with an extra soul MORE Play &amp; Earn System SCRL Token is the main currency within the game, allowing players to trade Wizards, Lands, and Enhancements. It's also used for NFT staking, where you receive various rewards, like collectible NFT Cards, Ingredients, and more! Buy Token Wizarre aspires to provide a one-of-a-kind experience which leverages creative and unique NFTs inside immersive gameplay. As you start playing the game, the earning process begins immediately! SCRL tokens are given to players as a reward for bringing value! Check Whitepaper Download For Free! Choose a team of the best Wizards and defeat your opponents! Wizarre supports crossplay for both computers and mobile phones, so users can have fun on the go while still earning! Google Play Windows App Store Available soon macOs Available soon More platforms About Wizarre app Virtual Magic World - Explore Our App Now! Summoning Temple That's the place where the magic happens! Here you can use your own NFTs to create more amazing ones. Summon your NFT NFT Marketplace Our NFT Marketplace is a trading zone where users can trade their Wizards, Lands, and other assets with other players. Check Marketplace Staking Map Embark on a magical journey and see what rewards you will find! With this feature, you can safely store your token and earn! Go to Staking Map Explore Wizarre Gallery Enjoy these gameplay screenshots from the world of Wizards! Join Our Community Become a part of the Wizarre Community. Check our profiles and stay up-to-date to attend every contest or giveaway! Discord Twitter Telegram Youtube Medium Facebook What’s new in Wizarre world? Read more on Medium Early Access 0.16 patch notes Wizarre is back with another exciting update. Patch 0.16 brings several noteworthy changes and improvements that promise to enhance your gaming experience. This patch has everything from an upgraded user interface to bug fixes. In this article, we’ll look at the changes introduced in Patch 0.16 and how they’ll impact your gameplay. Read more Early Access 0.14 patch notes Greetings, fellow Gamers and Wizards! We are thrilled to announce the release of Patch 0.14! With this latest update, we’re introducing exciting features, making mobile gameplay smoother. Moreover, many bugs have been fixed in the new update, making Wizarre even more&nbsp;stable. Read more Early Access 0.13 patch notes Wizarre, the enchanting realm of wizards and magic, continues to evolve with the highly anticipated Patch 0.13.0. This latest update brings a host of exciting features, bug fixes, and improvements that will captivate players and further elevate their gaming experience. Brace yourselves as we delve into the magical world of Wizarre once&nbsp;again. Read more Wizarre Team The Wizards behind the magic Chris / Chrischo Founder Wizard Maciej / Maiwyn Founder Wizard Hubert / MrAwesome Marketing Wizard Tom / Tom Kol Wizard Andrzej / EnQs Web Software Wizard Michał / Ixi Unity Wizard Rafał / Hunter Artist Wizard + 8 more Wizards in our Team! Support and partnership Investors Partners Join Our Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to receive short summaries and the most important updates! Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Need Help? Join Our Discord Whitepaper Road Map Contact: info@wizarre.io marketing@wizarre.io Media kit Privacy Policy Wizards Summoning Lands News Team Token SCRL on BscScan Audit by RD Auditors Trade On PancakeSwap Bitrue CoinMarketCap CoinGecko CoinPaprica Social Created by: © 2023 Wizarre. All rights reserved. 