 Game P2E Duels Tournaments Tournament Winners About the game Game P2E Duels Tournaments Tournament Winners About the game Shop Arena NFTs Market NFTs Wizard Collection Consumables Shop Arena NFTs Market NFTs Wizard Collection Consumables $WZRD Token Staking Tokenomics Buy on CEX Buy on DEX $WZRD Token Staking Tokenomics Buy on CEX Buy on DEX Community Discord Telegram Twitter Youtube Community Wiki Event Calendar Community Discord Telegram Twitter Youtube Community Wiki Event Calendar Blog Blog Play game Login Game P2E Duels Tournaments Tournament Winners About the game Game P2E Duels Tournaments Tournament Winners About the game Shop Arena NFTs Market NFTs Wizard Collection Consumables Shop Arena NFTs Market NFTs Wizard Collection Consumables $WZRD Token Staking Tokenomics Buy on CEX Buy on DEX $WZRD Token Staking Tokenomics Buy on CEX Buy on DEX Community Discord Telegram Twitter Youtube Community Wiki Event Calendar Community Discord Telegram Twitter Youtube Community Wiki Event Calendar Blog Blog METAVERSE P2E GAME WITH MAGIC REWARDS Alpha Version live now AAA-Quality Turn-Based Fantasy Strategy Choose your battle! Get rewards for each victory in P2E PVP Duels, battle up for Prize Pools in Tournaments, improve your strategy on Practice Mode. Get Started Log in Turn-based battles Experience the thrill of strategy and tactics in our constantly evolving Alpha Version of the Game Generous rewards Compete in Duels and Tournaments for Prize Pools, receive daily rewards just for playing. Free-to-play Refine your battle skills with Free Practice Mode: test the tactics and Wizard combinations. Choose your game Play to Earn PVP DUELS Engage in PVP mode and receive rewards for each victory against other players. Play PvP Prize pool $ 2000 Rise of Champions ended Rise of Champions tournament powered by Spintop Starts : &nbsp; Fri, Aug 25, 15:00, UTC Ends : &nbsp; Sun, Aug 27, 15:00, UTC $5 entry ticket View winners Free PvP Prize pool $ 880 Wizardia X Satoshiverse tournament ended Compete in Wizardia x Satoshiverse tournament and win awesome prizes! Starts : &nbsp; Mon, Jun 12, 13:00, UTC Ends : &nbsp; Mon, Jun 26, 13:00, UTC Free entry View winners PvE Prize pool $ 4770 PVE Tournament #10 ended Battle against AI-powered opponents in the battle Arena. Win $WZRD &amp; NFTs. Starts : &nbsp; Thu, May 11, 13:00, UTC Ends : &nbsp; Thu, Jun 08, 13:00, UTC $10 entry ticket View winners Practice playing Wizardia Get to know the ins and outs of gameplay. Learn the rules so you can master them. Play Play to Earn PVP DUELS Engage in PVP mode and receive rewards for each victory against other players. Play PvP Prize pool $ 2000 Rise of Champions Rise of Champions tournament powered by Spintop ended Starts : &nbsp; Fri, Aug 25, 15:00, UTC Ends : &nbsp; Sun, Aug 27, 15:00, UTC $5 entry ticket View winners Free PvP Prize pool $ 880 Wizardia X Satoshiverse tournament Compete in Wizardia x Satoshiverse tournament and win awesome prizes! ended Starts : &nbsp; Mon, Jun 12, 13:00, UTC Ends : &nbsp; Mon, Jun 26, 13:00, UTC Free entry View winners PvE Prize pool $ 4770 PVE Tournament #10 Battle against AI-powered opponents in the battle Arena. Win $WZRD &amp; NFTs. ended Starts : &nbsp; Thu, May 11, 13:00, UTC Ends : &nbsp; Thu, Jun 08, 13:00, UTC $10 entry ticket View winners Practice playing Wizardia Get to know the ins and outs of gameplay. Learn the rules so you can master them. Play See all tournaments &gt; Maximize Your Wizardia Journey Event calendar Missed a contest? Never more. All Wizardia events, live streams and Tournaments in one calendar Follow not to miss Leaks and raffles on discord Be the first one to learn about the game updates, new Wizard releases and raffles to win Join Wizardia Discord Battle analyzer Increase your win rate! Learn how to play your Wizard strengths with Battle Analyzer Check Battle Analyzer BUY WIZARDIA NFTS &amp; TOKENS Arena Genesis NFTs Earn automatic staking rewards before the Arena launch. Earn passive royalties from every battle transaction after the Arena launch. 6th 257 left $ 300 /NFT About Arena Genesis NEW Earn passive rewards from every transaction 1st 1371 left $ 225 /NFT About Market Genesis Buy $WZRD Tokens Your $WZRD tokens can be used right away to buy Entry Tickets for Tournaments - the Alpha Version of the Game and Consumables - the Wizard Enhancers. Buy at Buy at Consumables Consumables Use magic potions to boost your Wizards or even resurrect them in the Battle Arena Shop consumables Your journey to victory starts now Start off on the right foot with these battle-tested and data-supported winning Wizard combinations What advantages do these bundles provide? Won more matches than other combos Win more matches - collect more points Collect more points - gain bigger rewards top 1 rare AoE Team Win Rate 89% Olek Only 124 left Elzevir Only 806 left Tah Mut Tah Only 98 left Price $274.00 Add to cart rare AoE Team Win Rate 89% How to get the maximum effect? Combining Olek and Elzevir AoE spells help you wear down an enemy team fast - if the enemy has AoE healers, try to use single target spells to defeat the weakest opponent first. When in trouble, Tah Muh Tah has a beastly AoE heal to help you survive. Price $274.00 Add to cart top 1 rare Big Hitters Win Rate 88% Olek Only 124 left Tah Mut Tah Only 98 left Chikara Only 37 left Price $231.00 Add to cart rare Big Hitters Win Rate 88% How to get the maximum effect? Both Chikara and Olek have one of the strongest single target spells in the game. Use these Wizards to wear down the weakest target on the enemy team fast, while using Tah Muh Tah to heal the entire team with his AoE heal. Price $231.00 Add to cart top 1 rare Tank Team Win Rate 87% Tsering Only 148 left Elzevir Only 806 left Tah Mut Tah Only 98 left Price $274.00 Add to cart rare Tank Team Win Rate 87% How to get the maximum effect? Body Affinity Wizards are one of the tankiest available characters in the game. Combining that with the AoE prowess of Tsering, Elzevir and Tah Muh Tah will allow you to survive long enough while inflicting serious damage to all the opponents Wizards. Price $274.00 Add to cart * Data from Pve Tournaments #3, #4 and #5. ** Bundles that include sold out or exclusive Wizard NFTs are not shown. *** Merely owning the Wizards does not guarantee the indicated win rate - in the end it is up to you. Wizardia in the spotlight Previous Play-to-Earn Metaverse Wizardia: A Real-world Monetary Rewards for successful Gameplay Read more How Wizardia’s Players (and Investors) Can Benefit From a Novel NFT Economy Read more Wizardia: Oynayarak Kazanılan Sihirli Metaverse ile Tanışın! Read more Solana-based P2E metaverse challenges the market with battle-based gameplay &amp; Wizard NFTs Read more Own Wizardia Arena Genesis NFTs and Earn Passive Income From Game Battles Read more Play-to-Earn Metaverse Wizardia: A Real-world Monetary Rewards for successful Gameplay Read more Play-to-Earn Metaverse Wizardia: A Real-world Monetary Rewards for successful Gameplay Read more How Wizardia’s Players (and Investors) Can Benefit From a Novel NFT Economy Read more Wizardia: Oynayarak Kazanılan Sihirli Metaverse ile Tanışın! Read more Solana-based P2E metaverse challenges the market with battle-based gameplay &amp; Wizard NFTs Read more Own Wizardia Arena Genesis NFTs and Earn Passive Income From Game Battles Read more Play-to-Earn Metaverse Wizardia: A Real-world Monetary Rewards for successful Gameplay Read more Play-to-Earn Metaverse Wizardia: A Real-world Monetary Rewards for successful Gameplay Read more How Wizardia’s Players (and Investors) Can Benefit From a Novel NFT Economy Read more Wizardia: Oynayarak Kazanılan Sihirli Metaverse ile Tanışın! Read more Next Trusted by our investors See all partners &gt; JOIN OUR COMMUNITY Discord 54,644 Join Twitter 119,546 Join Telegram 18,215 Join TikTok 154,300 Join Email 206,057 Avoid scam, check official Wizardia links Verify Get discount MY CART Your cart is currently empty Got everything you need?&nbsp; Here are a few of our best offers: Game P2E Duels Tournaments Tournament Winners About the game Shop Arena NFTs Market NFTs Wizard Collection Consumables $WZRD Token Staking Tokenomics Buy on CEX Buy on DEX Wizardians Blog Partners program Giveaways Community Wiki Event Calendar FAQ Legal Lightpaper Wizardia pitch deck All Wizards Verify Wizardia links Disclaimer Nothing in this website constitutes financial advice, and it is always recommended to consult a qualified financial advisor before participating in any token or NFT purchases © Wizardia. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditons Direct Marketing Cookies Policy This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use this website, you agree to its Policy. Got it 