 Collection Team Impact Qissa Rarity Contact Women Rise is a collection of 10,000 unique digital collectibles celebrating women around the world. Watch women rise on the blockchain Celebrating Women Women Rise is an art project. It is a collection of 10,000 unique art NFTs that are representing and celebrating women activists, artists, scientists, coders and many others rising on the blockchain! Celebrating Women Women Rise is an art project. It is a collection of 10,000 unique art NFTs that are representing and celebrating women activists, artists, scientists, coders and many others rising on the blockchain! Celebrating Women Women Rise is an art project. It is a collection of 10,000 unique art NFTs that are representing and celebrating women activists, artists, scientists, coders and many others rising on the blockchain! We share a passion There is so much more to Women Rise beyond the incredible art work! We are a community of like minded people from around the world. We share a passion for storytelling and raising awareness for the important issues of our time by using the power of art, community and technology. We share a passion There is so much more to Women Rise beyond the incredible art work! We are a community of like minded people from around the world. We share a passion for storytelling and raising awareness for the important issues of our time by using the power of art, community and technology. We share a passion There is so much more to Women Rise beyond the incredible art work! We are a community of like minded people from around the world. We share a passion for storytelling and raising awareness for the important issues of our time by using the power of art, community and technology. Women Rise Community Since the launch in November 2021, Women Rise has received tremendous love from across the globe and our community has been growing ever since. As a holder of a Women Rise NFT, in addition to owning incredible digital artwork you have access to exciting activations ranging from IRLs, giveaways, airdrops and more! Women Rise Community Since the launch in November 2021, Women Rise has received tremendous love from across the globe and our community has been growing ever since. As a holder of a Women Rise NFT, in addition to owning incredible digital artwork you have access to exciting activations ranging from IRLs, giveaways, airdrops and more! Women Rise Community Since the launch in November 2021, Women Rise has received tremendous love from across the globe and our community has been growing ever since. As a holder of a Women Rise NFT, in addition to owning incredible digital artwork you have access to exciting activations ranging from IRLs, giveaways, airdrops and more! Highlights &lt; &gt; Aug 29 Announced the launch of BackpackX, our new VR educational initiative! With a focus on children from marginalised communities, BackpackX will provide immersive experiences and educational content that inspires children while learning. Visit See Video View on youtube Aug 29 Announced the launch of BackpackX, our new VR educational initiative! With a focus on children from marginalised communities, BackpackX will provide immersive experiences and educational content that inspires children while learning. Visit See video View on youtube Mar 24 Women Rise NFT Art Studio in collaboration with Girls Who Code at their annual Code Fair was all the rage! We showed what it takes to create world famous digital art and generate hundreds of unique masterpieces. Created in partnership with Synchrony. Visit See Video View on youtube Mar 24 Women Rise NFT Art Studio in collaboration with Girls Who Code at their annual Code Fair was all the rage! We showed what it takes to create world famous digital art and generate hundreds of unique masterpieces. Created in partnership with Synchrony. Visit See video View on youtube Feb 23 Women Rise spoke at NFT Paris, one of the leading web3 conferences in France. We also met up with the First Lady of France, Brigitte Macron, and discussed the aspirations for Women Rise and girls education. Visit See Video View on youtube Feb 23 Women Rise spoke at NFT Paris, one of the leading web3 conferences in France. We also met up with the First Lady of France, Brigitte Macron, and discussed the aspirations for Women Rise and girls education. Visit See video View on youtube Jan 17 Launched our exciting new storytelling platform, Qissa. Meaning 'story' in Urdu, Qissa embraces the power of art for storytelling to amplify diverse voices of women and girls from around the world. Visit See Video View on youtube Jan 17 Launched our exciting new storytelling platform, Qissa. Meaning 'story' in Urdu, Qissa embraces the power of art for storytelling to amplify diverse voices of women and girls from around the world. Visit See video View on youtube Jan 01 Date 2022 Visit See Video View on youtube Jan 01 Date 2022 Visit See video View on youtube 2022 Nov 04 Instagram Creator Week at Tate Modern Museum. Women Rise founder, Maliha, spoke about NFTs alongside Adam Mosseri, the head of Instagram. Women Rise artwork was also displayed in Tate Modern in the Instagram gallery Visit See Video View on youtube Nov 04 Instagram Creator Week at Tate Modern Museum. Women Rise founder, Maliha, spoke about NFTs alongside Adam Mosseri, the head of Instagram. Women Rise artwork was also displayed in Tate Modern in the Instagram gallery Visit See video View on youtube Oct 11 Women Rise joined forces with CAMFED to campaign for their Sisterhood Pledge and promote girls' education for International Day of the Girl Visit See Video View on youtube Oct 11 Women Rise joined forces with CAMFED to campaign for their Sisterhood Pledge and promote girls' education for International Day of the Girl Visit See video View on youtube Sep 23 A Chicago Bulls inspired Women Rise NFT was created by Maliha Abidi and was also featured on the Chicago Bulls Twitter with over 4.7m followers Visit See Video View on youtube Sep 23 A Chicago Bulls inspired Women Rise NFT was created by Maliha Abidi and was also featured on the Chicago Bulls Twitter with over 4.7m followers Visit See video View on youtube Sep 15 Women Rise was a launch partner for Bubbles. A web 3 platform that allows communities to stay up to date with their favorite NFT project Visit See Video View on youtube Sep 15 Women Rise was a launch partner for Bubbles. A web 3 platform that allows communities to stay up to date with their favorite NFT project Visit See video View on youtube Sep 09 Rising Women Club: We hosted Shabana Basij-Rasikh, Founder of SOL Afghanistan for a talk on the Women Rise platform. We also made a contribution of $30k to SOL Afghanistan. Visit See Video View on youtube Sep 09 Rising Women Club: We hosted Shabana Basij-Rasikh, Founder of SOL Afghanistan for a talk on the Women Rise platform. We also made a contribution of $30k to SOL Afghanistan. Visit See video View on youtube Sep 08 Women Rise featured on Business Insider as one of the top 53 US crypto start ups. Doodles and Artblocks were the only two other NFT projects on the list Visit See Video View on youtube Sep 08 Women Rise featured on Business Insider as one of the top 53 US crypto start ups. Doodles and Artblocks were the only two other NFT projects on the list Visit See video View on youtube Aug 20 We organised a NFT storytelling workshop with our friends at Jump Cut. Women Rise holders learned how to create a compelling character and write resonant backstory Visit See Video View on youtube Aug 20 We organised a NFT storytelling workshop with our friends at Jump Cut. Women Rise holders learned how to create a compelling character and write resonant backstory Visit See video View on youtube Jun 23 Women Rise partnered with Samsung to showcase Women Rise artworks at the Samsung 873 flagship store during NFT.NYC 2022 Visit See Video View on youtube Jun 23 Women Rise partnered with Samsung to showcase Women Rise artworks at the Samsung 873 flagship store during NFT.NYC 2022 Visit See video View on youtube Jun 22 Partnered with Women and Weapons to gift 25 free WAW Season 2 NFTs to Women Rise holders Visit See Video View on youtube Jun 22 Partnered with Women and Weapons to gift 25 free WAW Season 2 NFTs to Women Rise holders Visit See video View on youtube Jun 22 We collaborated with OnChainMonkey to giveaway 15 allowlist spots to Women Rise holders Visit See Video View on youtube Jun 22 We collaborated with OnChainMonkey to giveaway 15 allowlist spots to Women Rise holders Visit See video View on youtube Jun 09 We released a comprehensive 6-month report listing Women Rise achievements and our future direction Visit See Video View on youtube Jun 09 We released a comprehensive 6-month report listing Women Rise achievements and our future direction Visit See video View on youtube May 19 Hosted 'Trailblazer Event' during VeeCon 2022 Minneapolis in collaboration with 3 other women led NFT projects Visit See Video View on youtube May 19 Hosted 'Trailblazer Event' during VeeCon 2022 Minneapolis in collaboration with 3 other women led NFT projects Visit See video View on youtube May 09 Women Rise was selected for Instagram's Alpha Cohort for their NFT digital collectables feature Visit See Video View on youtube May 09 Women Rise was selected for Instagram's Alpha Cohort for their NFT digital collectables feature Visit See video View on youtube Apr 16 Launched five 1/1 pieces to celebrate Black influential women. All proceeds went to Black owned businesses and organisations. Visit See Video View on youtube Apr 16 Launched five 1/1 pieces to celebrate Black influential women. All proceeds went to Black owned businesses and organisations. Visit See video View on youtube Apr 07 Partnered with Voice HQ for an NFT artist residency for artists from underrepresented communities. 14 female creators were selected and given grants to progress their development as NFT artists Visit See Video View on youtube Apr 07 Partnered with Voice HQ for an NFT artist residency for artists from underrepresented communities. 14 female creators were selected and given grants to progress their development as NFT artists Visit See video View on youtube Mar 22 Two exhibitions with the Washington-based gallery, Gallery W. One was focused on the Blockchain, another was on NFT Women. Visit See Video View on youtube Mar 22 Two exhibitions with the Washington-based gallery, Gallery W. One was focused on the Blockchain, another was on NFT Women. Visit See video View on youtube Mar 17 Women Rise NFTs were deposited in the Arctic Vault as part of an initiative led by our friends at Top Dog Beach Club Visit See Video View on youtube Mar 17 Women Rise NFTs were deposited in the Arctic Vault as part of an initiative led by our friends at Top Dog Beach Club Visit See video View on youtube Mar 16 We gave away 25 tickets to Women Rise holders for an IRL event hosted by The Guardian where Malala Yousafzai was a speaker Visit See Video View on youtube Mar 16 We gave away 25 tickets to Women Rise holders for an IRL event hosted by The Guardian where Malala Yousafzai was a speaker Visit See video View on youtube Mar 14 Partnered with World of Women to give away 25 allow spots to the Women Rise community Visit See Video View on youtube Mar 14 Partnered with World of Women to give away 25 allow spots to the Women Rise community Visit See video View on youtube Mar 05 In collaboration with Snapchat, we created a special filter to celebrate the Women Rise community on International Women’s Day which hit 100k views in a few days. You can still use this filter on Snapchat! Visit See Video View on youtube Mar 05 In collaboration with Snapchat, we created a special filter to celebrate the Women Rise community on International Women’s Day which hit 100k views in a few days. You can still use this filter on Snapchat! Visit See video View on youtube Mar 03 Malala Yousafzai, the most effective voice advocating for girls' education, graced the Women Rise stage to talk about education and the need to reimagine it through web 3.0. Visit See Video View on youtube Mar 03 Malala Yousafzai, the most effective voice advocating for girls' education, graced the Women Rise stage to talk about education and the need to reimagine it through web 3.0. Visit See video View on youtube Feb 27 The Women Rise story was highlighted on Ledger platforms through Twitter threads, Instagram posts and Twitter spaces. Visit See Video View on youtube Feb 27 The Women Rise story was highlighted on Ledger platforms through Twitter threads, Instagram posts and Twitter spaces. Visit See video View on youtube Feb 18 Rising Women Club: Women Rise contributed 13.1 ETH ($38k) to Girl Effect Visit See Video View on youtube Feb 18 Rising Women Club: Women Rise contributed 13.1 ETH ($38k) to Girl Effect Visit See video View on youtube Feb 11 Women Rise artwork was showcased at the Adidas exhibition in London Visit See Video View on youtube Feb 11 Women Rise artwork was showcased at the Adidas exhibition in London Visit See video View on youtube Feb 11 Rising Women Club: We made a contribution of 13 ETH ($40k) to Pad Project, one of the organisations we support Visit See Video View on youtube Feb 11 Rising Women Club: We made a contribution of 13 ETH ($40k) to Pad Project, one of the organisations we support Visit See video View on youtube Jan 26 Women Rise creator and founder Maliha was announced as a founding member alongside Brit Morin, Jaime Schmidt, Tyra Banks, Mila Kunis and many others for my BFF. Maliha continues to represent Women Rise within the BFF network Visit See Video View on youtube Jan 26 Women Rise creator and founder Maliha was announced as a founding member alongside Brit Morin, Jaime Schmidt, Tyra Banks, Mila Kunis and many others for my BFF. Maliha continues to represent Women Rise within the BFF network Visit See video View on youtube Jan 19 We gave away 100 signed copies of 'RISE: Extraordinary Women of Color who Changed the World', a book written and illustrated by Women Rise creator and founder, Maliha. Visit See Video View on youtube Jan 19 We gave away 100 signed copies of 'RISE: Extraordinary Women of Color who Changed the World', a book written and illustrated by Women Rise creator and founder, Maliha. Visit See video View on youtube Jan 04 Randi Zuckerberg gave away 10 Women Rise NFTs to the newcomers in Web3 Visit See Video View on youtube Jan 04 Randi Zuckerberg gave away 10 Women Rise NFTs to the newcomers in Web3 Visit See video View on youtube Dec 31 Date 2021 Visit See Video View on youtube Dec 31 Date 2021 Visit See video View on youtube 2021 Dec 29 Rising Women Club: We made a contribution of 4.375 ETH ($16k) to Malala Fund. Visit See Video View on youtube Dec 29 Rising Women Club: We made a contribution of 4.375 ETH ($16k) to Malala Fund. Visit See video View on youtube Dec 14 Gary Vee minted 10 Women Rise NFTs Visit See Video View on youtube Dec 14 Gary Vee minted 10 Women Rise NFTs Visit See video View on youtube Dec 06 We airdropped free Women Rise NFTs to 20 lucky community members Visit See Video View on youtube Dec 06 We airdropped free Women Rise NFTs to 20 lucky community members Visit See video View on youtube Nov 27 Rarible held a 24-hour homepage takeover for Women Rise and hosted a live public sale to support the launch of Women Rise Visit See Video View on youtube Nov 27 Rarible held a 24-hour homepage takeover for Women Rise and hosted a live public sale to support the launch of Women Rise Visit See video View on youtube Nov 25 Women Rise held a 3-day pre-launch virtual event where we brought in talented women in art, culture and web 3.0 to talk about NFTs and their journey Visit See Video View on youtube Nov 25 Women Rise held a 3-day pre-launch virtual event where we brought in talented women in art, culture and web 3.0 to talk about NFTs and their journey Visit See video View on youtube Our collaborations Collaborate with us In the Media Represented at global events Prev Next June 2023 London Tech Week June 2023 House of Beautiful Business March 2023 Girls Who Code Fair February 2023 NFT Paris December 2022 Artist Roundtable during Art Basel 2022 with WME and Quantum November 2022 Instagram Creator Week at Tate Modern London November 2022 Web Summit 2022, Lisbon July 2022 ETH Barcelona June 2022 NFT.NYC May 2022 Minneapolis MN, USA VeeCon 2022 May 2022 Minneapolis Holders Meet up during Vee Con May 2022 Vee Con Trailblazer Event April 2022 LA Holders Meet up during NFT LA March 2022 USC Iovine and Young Academy’s Web3 Conference LA March 2022 SXSW Austin February 2022 Ledger x Rarible x Women Rise event during NFT LA January 2022 My BFF "BFF Minted" virtual event January 2022 Paris Blockchain Week January 2022 London Short Film Festival December 2021 Rarible event during Art Basel December 2021 Art Residency during Art Basel Miami November 2021 NFT London Community Events ‍ Prev Next No items found. FAQs What is an NFT? An NFT (non fungible token) is a unique digital asset. It can be an artwork, music, tweets - literally any digital item. NFTs are tokens that we can use to represent ownership of unique items. They can only have one official owner at a time and they're secured by the blockchain – no one can modify the record of ownership or copy/paste a new NFT into existence. ‍ What is blockchain? A blockchain is a way to store data without having to trust any one company or entity (such as a bank or brokerage) to keep things secure or accurate. ‍ What is ethereum? Ethereum is a type of blockchain. Ether (or ETH) is the native cryptocurrency of the platform, second only to bitcoin in terms of market popularity.&nbsp; What is the environmental impact of NFTs? In September 2022, Ethereum switched from verifying transactions by proof-of-work to verifying through proof-of-stake. This is technical stuff, but basically it means that energy consumption per transaction has been reduced by 99.95%. The energy consumption will also not increase even when the price of ETH increases, as it did previously. In basic terms, one transaction is equivalent to watching approximately 20 minutes of TV. What is Web 3.0 and why should we care about it? Web 3.0 is the next progression of the internet. It is still evolving and progressing so, as of yet, there is no set definition. However, the focus is on a more decentralised space, where big tech corporations don't have such control and where individuals can build and contribute to the space. NFTs will be an integral part of the Web 3.0 ecosystem and it will most likely also incorporate AR/VR technology.&nbsp; Why should you care? Technical advancements always create opportunities to change the existing status quo. If you feel underrepresented or that the current internet space hasn't served you, then now is the time to learn, learn, learn and have a say in how the next internet is built. ‍ What is a metaverse? Although constant updates and advances in technology means the definition changes over time, in general the term 'Metaverse' is used to describe a combination of virtual reality and mixed reality worlds which allow people to have real time interactions and experiences across distance. These worlds can be accessed through a browser or VR headset. ‍ What are SDG 17 goals and what is our commitment to these? SDG&nbsp;17 are the 17 sustainable development goals set by the UN&nbsp;to improve our world. We've committed to the SDG 17 since the inception of Women Rise. We demonstrate our commitment through the following: a- Incorporating SDG 17 goals into the artwork to amplify the causes, celebrate activists and to campaign through visual representation. On the SDG 17 table , the maroon colour represents the goal 'Quality Education'. Respectively, an artwork with a maroon activist background (see below) represents support for this SDG 4 Quality Education. You'll find many Women Rise NFTs representing multiple SDG goals. Artwork depicting a 'Women Rise for Girls' Education' background b - Contributing to gender equality in tech, business and the Web 3.0 space, as a female led project, through increased representation of women. c- Providing financial means (through donations) to worthy causes that align with SDG 17 goals such as supporting girls' education and women's rights. This also contributes to the economic empowerment of women and girls. As part of our commitment Women Rise has made donations worth $130k across four organisations: Malala Fund, SOLA Afghanistan, Girl Effect and The Pad Project. SDG 17 goals are at the heart of our project and we'll continue supporting these in different ways. © 2021-2022 Women Rise License 