 Story Gameplay Whitepaper Stake CHRO Marketplace Start Start Play Game Wyndashboard Home Story Gameplay Whitepaper Stake CHRO Marketplace Start Play Game Wyndashboard Battle, Breed and Forge One of a kind multiplayer strategy auto-battler play and earn on Avalanche blockchain Learn More Trailer TRAILER Story Story In the world of Wyndblast, your adventure takes place on the floating archipelago of Westia known as Chronica Sola. This mystical land is home to sprawling islands and expansive skies that stretch across the horizon. The continent is divided into three nations: Ysia, Perlia, and Vicima. These factions are ruled by powerful lords who are constantly vying for control and dominance over one another. As you journey through this world, you will encounter these rivaling nations and the conflicts that arise between them. Gameplay As a young mercenary lord in the continent of Chronica Sola, you are working to establish your reputation and gain power. To do this, you must collect and breed Wynds, recruit and train mercenaries to become Riders, and forge powerful weapons to enhance your arsenal. You will use these skills and resources to battle against monstrous creatures and other players in combat. Your journey in Wyndblast will involve constantly improving your abilities and strategizing to emerge victorious in these battles. Breed, Recruit, and Forge Breed your Wynd Units to create new Wyndlings and raise them to become full-fledged Wynds. You can also recruit Mercenaries and train them to become Wynd Riders to join you in battle. As you explore the world, you can gather materials and reforge them into powerful weapons to improve your arsenal. Form Blast Units Combine your Wynds and Riders and outfit them with forged weapons to create unique Blast Units. These units will give you an advantage in battle. You can experiment with endless combinations to unlock the full potential of your army. Minigames Take on Daily Activities and earn WAMS and CHRO by helping the citizens of Westia with their chores and tasks. Double your wagers and test your luck and see if Lady Fortune is on your side by joining the mercenaries of Westia in a game of Coin Flip. PVE &amp; PVP Test your might and hone your skills by taking your Wynds or Blast Units into battle against enemies or other players. Prove yourself as a formidable force in Chronica Sola by emerging victorious in these exciting battles. Whether you are fighting against monstrous foes or rival players, the thrill of combat awaits you in Wyndblast. ELEMENT Element There are 6 elements in Chronica Sola verse. Each element has their own strengths and weaknesses. FIRE ELEMENT WATER ELEMENT WIND ELEMENT LIGHT ELEMENT EARTH ELEMENT DARKNESS ELEMENT NATION NATION CHARACTERISTICS NATION CHARACTERISTICS The heart of Chronica Sola, Westia is one of the largest continents in the verse, separated by borders between Ysia, Perlia, and Vicima. Each nation represents its own faction, with its own strengths and weaknesses, resources, and economy. — YSIA — MILITARY STRENGTH Those on the island that are not miners or blacksmiths become warriors in Ysia. Their strength, stamina, and ample supply of weapons and armors from the blacksmiths make them among the fiercest fighters throughout the land. DRAGON VARIANT Dominated by earth and wind dragons with a small population of fire and water dragons and the rare appearance of light and darkness dragons. — PERLIA — MILITARY STRENGTH While their hunting prowess have trained them to be swift and agile, their vast knowledge of herbs and plants have also taught them how to concoct various poisons, poultices, and potions, making them suitable to become deadly assassins. DRAGON VARIANT Dominated by wind and water dragons with a small population of fire and earth dragons and the rare appearance of light and darkness dragons. — VICIMA — MILITARY STRENGTH The efficient supply chain of Vicima has made it one of the most advanced nations in Westia, having discovered how to create firearms. This in turn has made Vicima known for their marksmen, along with various other types of soldiers. DRAGON VARIANT Dominated by fire and earth dragons with a small population of wind and water dragons and a rare appearance of light and darkness dragons. Roadmap Roadmap Q1 2022 Genesis Mint Pre Sale and Public Sale Token Game Trailer Staking 01. Q2 2022 Breeding &amp; Training NFT Marketplace Forging Daily Activities CEX Listing Listed on Coingecko Listed on Coinmarketcap 02. Q3 2022 Coin Flip Wynd Race Wyndashboard 03. Q4 2022 PVE and PVP Raid Mode (TBC) Tower Defense Mode (TBC) 04. Q1 2023 Tournament (TBC) Ecosystem Expansion Cross-Chain Development 01. Q2 2023 2nd Tournament Multi-Chain Development WyndBlast Super App 02. CHRO CHRO $CHRO is an ERC-20 token that functioned as the main token in WyndBlast and Chronia Sola universe. $CHRO holders will claim rewards if they stake their tokens, play the game, and participate in crucial governance votes. Players will also earn $CHRO when they play various gameplay available. Buy CHRO Now We are listed on: Buy CHRO Click on one of this DEX or CEX below: Close Play Game LISTINGS Price Tracking We're listed on some of the most popular cryptocurrency price-tracking websites CoinMarketCap CoinGecko Nomics Mobula Coin Mooner Marketplace Secondary Marketplace Buy, sell, and trade your NFTs Kalao Joepegs NFTrade Opensea Family Our Family Our investors, collaborators, and partners Trader Joe Louverture MMA Gaming OnlyUp Capital Management of Defi Crypto Listing Help Vending Machine BOXTradeX Crypto Traders Cryptonairz Early Apes Avasharks Frontera HiveFive Knives Legacy Madskullz Spark World Spear Finance The Hatch Game The Rigers Club Treasure Hunter Geeker Club Chainplay HundredDAO Integrations Integrations Technology integrations Chainlink Moralis Godot AS SEEN ON AS SEEN ON Read more about us on one of the media below Yahoo Benzinga Market Watch Digital Journal Bloomberg Powered by Avalanche Wyndblast runs on Avalanche - enabling fast and cheap transactions between our website, contracts, and users. SOAR THROUGH THE SKIES AND CONQUER WESTIA! Join our Discord Contact us: gatekeeper@wyndblast.com WYNDBLAST © 2022 . All rights reserved. Version 1.0.1 