 Introduction Robo Advisor Strategies Interest Rate Trading Dollar Cost Average Stable Coin Alpha Lending Vault Bridge USDT - USDC.e USDC - USDC.e Legacy Launch App Designed for simplicity in investing Our cutting-edge technology simplifies the investment process, allowing you to make informed decisions with ease. We are growing Across all Vaults and xWIN Farming Pools in Arbitrum and BNB network Arbitrum TVL $ BNB TVL $ Legacy Vaults BNB network and ADA Cardano Pool Legacy TVL $ Cardano Staking TVL $ Launch Docs What is xWIN Robo Advisor? The objective of this xWIN Robo Advisor is to allow individual investors or fund managers to create their own decentralized fund based on various market factors or personal risk parameters. xWIN Robo Advisor is built with an in-house optimizer engine, which allows investors to create the optimal portfolio through mean-variance efficient or weighted average Sharpe Ratio. Mean Variance Optimization Mean-variance analysis is a method used to determine the optimal allocation of assets in a portfolio using the factors provided including risk tolerance and age. Mean-variance analysis helps investors create the optimal combination of assets by maximizing the expected returns for a given level of risk Weighted-Average Sharpe Ratio The approach will first allocate the major allocation into stable coin staking asset based on the risk tolerances as parameter. Finally, the remaining weights will be allocated based on the Sharpe ratio weight of each risky token. How To Use Optimizer? Build a portfolio that is one-of-a-kind, just like you Step 1 Adjust your risk tolerance Knowing your age helps us to better understand your investment needs and goals Step 2 Run the optimizer We can provide personalized recommendations and insights that are tailored to your specific financial situation with our optimiser Step 3 Build your own vault Lets us handle the hard stuff and give yourself the peace of mind that comes with knowing your investments are protected and optimized with our smart contracts Low Risk High Risk 0 *** This is only for illustration purpose. Please visit xWIN Robo Advisor for real allocation Strategies for you xWIN Finance has a variety of products that make it the best place to start investing (BTC) Interest Rate Indicator The strategy is a better alternative to the buy and hold (BAH) strategy. It aims to create a positive return during a short to mid-term on capital gains. The trades are based on USDT interest rates. (BTC) Dollar Cost Average Dollar-cost averaging is a strategy for buying stocks at an average price to smooth out volatility and achieve long-term growth with minimal effort on timing. (BTC) Stable USDT Alpha This strategy aims to generate positive returns through capital gains by buying assets using stable coin interest rates, protecting the principal amount and providing an alternative to just staking the stable coin. Lending Asset This strategy allows investors to earn interest on their assets by staking them and handles all the lending for ease of use. It also searches for the most competitive interest rates by switching lending providers. DeFi Integrations xWIN Finance simplifies your investment experience by providing hassle-free trading strategies. xWIN Finance integrated with all the protocols in the ecosystem. Binance Smart Chain PancakeSwap ChainLink Venus Ola Finance ApeSwap Biswap Arbitrum / Ethereum Chain Uniswap Arbitrum AAVE Our Partners xWIN Finance is a thriving and growing community. Our community trust is our commitment. Mama Asset Managers Association Trading Strategy NilssonHedge Frequently Asked Questions Learn how to get started How do I use xWIN Robo Advisor? To use xWIN Robo Advisor, there are two steps: First, Run the optimizer to get the token allocation. Then, Click 'build' and create your vault by signing your transaction. This will deploy the xWIN fundv2 smart contract to the network, allowing you to access your private fund under the 'My Menu' section. Do I need to pay everytime when I rebalance my portfolio? No. You are free to use the optimizer and rebalance at no cost. However, there is a initial small amount of cost at 10 XWIN when you create your own vault by deploying your smart contract in xWIN Finance platform. What the Mean-Variance Optimization? Mean-Variance Optimization uses mean-variance analysis, where it is the process of weighing risk, expressed as variance, against expected return. Investors weigh how much risk they are willing to take on in exchange for different levels of reward. Mean-variance analysis allows investors to find the biggest reward at a given level of risk or the least risk at a given level of return. Are there any other asset allocation approach provided? We are currently provided only Weight Average SR and Mean-Variance Optimization. Our team is working toward introducing more approach such as Maximum Sharpe Ratio, Minimum Variance Portfolio or Inverse Variance Weighted Portfolio and etc etc in near future Join our telegram community group Are you ready to join the cutting edge of the decentralized finance revolution? Our lively community of crypto enthusiasts is always eager to welcome new members, and we're excited to have you join us. Join now Let's talk! 🤙 admin@xwin.com.my 3-5-3, Tower 3, UOA Business Park, No. 1, Jalan Pengaturcara U1/51A, Seksyen 1, Shah Alam, Selangor 40150, MY What is xWIN Finance Robo Advisor Interest Rate Trading Dollar Cost Average Stablecoin Alpha Lending Vault ©2022 xWIN Technology Sdn. Bhd All rights reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Terms 