 IP Address Restricted Use Of The Service By Persons Located In The United States Of America, Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong China, Japan, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela And Crimea Is Prohibited. In Addition, Anyone In Mainland China, Taiwan China, Israel, Iraq, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, Kyrgyzstan, Sevastopol And Uk (retail Users Only) Is Prohibited From Using The Derivatives Trading Services Provided By This Website. The List Of Countries Or Regions Mentioned Above May Change According To Changes In Policies And Product Types. We May Not Inform You Specifically Of The Changes On Such Occasions. Please Pay Attention To Any Updates Of This Agreement. Confirm YFX V3 Trading Festival is live Buy YLP or Trade on YFX to win up to 1,000,000 YFX and enjoy 0.04% position fee. Event Details Bridge YFX Token Docs Launch App English English 日本语 Español 한국어 Русский Deutsch 简体中文 繁體中文 Launch APP Bridge YFX Token Docs language English 日本语 Español 한국어 Русский Deutsch 简体中文 繁體中文 YFX Decentralized Perpetual Exchange World-leading decentralized perpetual exchange with up to 100x leverage, high liquidity, low fees, and no slippage Arbitrum v3 zkSync v2 Total Trading Volume All Time Trades Total Users Leading Protocol Design YFX adopts the PvPool (PvP) trading mechanism, allowing traders and liquidity pools to trade directly. Liquidity providers can add or remove liquidity for linear, inverse, and quanto contracts to or from single-asset pools with no impermanent loss. High-quality Price Feeds V3 mainly uses Chainlink price feeds, supplemented by the latest price on major centralized exchanges. The high-quality price feeds ensure all transactions are carried out at real-time market prices. High Transparency All of YFX's smart contracts have been audited and published on GitHub. You can view and verify all your transactions on the blockchain explorer. YFX V3 YFX V3 is the latest upgraded version of V2. YFX V3 mainly adds aggregated fund pools, ChainLink price feeds, a new Earn model, a new hedge position mode, funding fees, borrowing fees, liquidity provider tokens YLPs, a more incentivized referral program, and a new UI design that makes the protocol more decentralized and easier to use. View Docs Arbitrum Launch App Total Trading Volume V3 All Time Trades V3 Total Users V3 YFX V2 Developed in 2022, YFX V2 improves UI design and adds new features like the single position model, limit orders, take profit &amp; stop loss orders, and funding fees. The newly improved UI offers a better trading experience for professional traders. View Docs zkSync Launch App Total Trading Volume V2 All Time Trades V2 Total Users V2 YFX V1 YFX is a leading pioneer of decentralized perpetual exchanges. Founded in June 2020, YFX has achieved steady growth for three years and has deployed on multiple blockchains like Tron, BSC, Heco, and xDAI. YFX V2 is now live, and support for the Heco, BSC, and xDAI public chains has been suspended. Please move your funds to the YFX V2 as soon as possible. View Docs HECO(Offline) Launch App BSC(Offline) Launch App Tron Launch App Total Trading Volume V1 All Time Trades V1 Total Users V1 YFX Token 400,000,000 Circulating Supply 5,000,000 Total Supply 100,000,000 Max Supply 3,000,000 Market Cap 5,000,000 YFX Burned 28,761 Holders Details Help Center FAQs View FAQs for detailed instructions on specific features. Go to Docs Developer The code is open source and can be viewed at any time. Go to Github YFX Blockchain Security Institution Partner Partner YFX, Your Futures Exchange. Decentralized Perpetual Exchange © Copyright YFX. All Rights Reserved Contact us contact@yfx.com We use our own cookies as well as third-party cookies on our websites to enhance your experience, analyze our traffic, and for security and marketing. For more info, see our Cookie Policy. Accept 