 Let’s redefine DeFi together. Read our Manifesto Manifesto How it works Resources Blog Documentation Dune FAQ Launch App Launch App Instant NFT loans Simplified The borrower-friendly protocol Launch App Audited By Let’s redefine DeFi ‍ together. Read our Manifesto What do you mean, borrower-friendly? No Auto-Liquidations We’ve got your back. Pay on time and you won’t lose your NFT. Simple as that. No need to worry about floor prices dropping. Repay early, pay less Our pro-rata system means you only pay interest for the days until repayment (with a 7-day minimum). Trait Boost Got a rare NFT? Get a better valuation with our Trait Boosts feature. Retain NFT Utility Claim airdrops, access discord servers, enter events, and more during your loans thanks to Delegate Cash. Fixed APR Our APRs do NOT fluctuate according to utilization rates. Once you take a loan, the APR will remain the same until the term ends. Know what to expect - from start to finish. Borrow Now Why users trust Zharta @0xOrli says “Zharta has proven itself as a battle-tested solution where I've conducted the majority of my NFT finance activity. The expert art valuation is unparalleled, and the intuitive UX enhances the user experience. (Also theyve got great LTVs!)" @Ecoboy says “There was no other solution in the market that provided the safety and fairness that Zharta provides, both to lenders and borrowers with instant loans. It's also worth mentioning the team is very active and friendly, which facilitates the trust and connection in times of need." @Picchiopicchiar says “Thoroughly enjoyed the UI which is very user-friendly. I would recommend using Zharta to whoever is holding valuable NFTs in their wallet and want to get a loan at very reasonable conditions, knowing that the team will always be there to assist and help everyone!" @One Hit says “Just repaid my first loan to see the process and I can say that for me Zharta is the #1 nft lending platform." @Gunners says “The process was simple and transparent, I connected my cryptocurrency wallet, selected the NFTs I wanted to to pledge, and quickly received a competitive loan offer. The interest rates were reasonable. I received the funds directly in my wallet in just a few minutes." @Kaoz says “Hey just wanted to say I had a smooth experience with Zharta. The rates are reasonable and its great that you guys are implementing delegate cash as well." 1 2 3 4 5 6 Empowering Users, Redefining DeFi Read our Manifesto Zhartians, assemble! Join our community of degens and get your Web3-talk fix. Make some friends, share some memes, help each other build! You can find us at Subscribe to our newsletter Thank you for joining our community! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Powered by our investors Audited by FAQ 01 What is Zharta? Zharta is a real-time NFT loan platform for borrowers and lenders. Zharta allows you to get instant loans with your NFTs without losing ownership over them. 02 What are the main benefits of Zharta? Zharta’s platform was designed to be user-friendly and accessible to anyone, regardless of their level of experience. We will help you choose the assets that best support your loan and you may bundle different NFTs into one single loan! Moreover you'll get Ether instantly and you will not be liquidated until the end of the loan duration. 03 Is Zharta safe to use? When building our blockchain protocol, we ensured the smart contracts and the blockchain itself were 100% secure so there was no possibility of obstruction. Even our programming language, Vyper, was chosen with efficiency, simplicity, and security in mind. Finally, because our users' peace of mind is our top priority, all of Zharta's smart contracts are audited. 04 When I apply for a loan on an NFT, does Zharta take my NFT? No. Zharta never gets custody of an asset. Collateralized NFTs are held in a smart contract escrow. This means that the assets are always subject to the pre-agreed business rules of the loan. 05 What is a smart contract? How do they work? Smart contracts are programs stored within the blockchain that work as self-executing contracts. Once the two parties agree upon the terms, these are coded into the contract and deployed to the blockchain, thus rendering the transaction irreversible, traceable and transparent. 06 The value of the collateral I used for my loan went down. Can I be liquidated? No. In our current version, all contracts are time-bound. This means they have a fixed term. During that period of time, the pre-agreed rules of the loan remain the same regardless of any changes happening outside their scope. As such, if the value of the collateral decreases during this period, the borrower will not be liquidated. 07 Can I borrow using more than one NFT asset to support my loan? Yes, you can use one or more different community assets or bundles from the same category. 08 I know how much I need but not which assets to collateralize. Now what? You can select the capital you want to borrow and we’ll help you choose the assets that best support your loan. If you don't agree with our selection, you are free to customize the NFTs you want to use, provided they match the value required for the loan you chose. 09 Which browsers and devices are supported? Currently we only support desktop devices. We recommend Google Chrome or Firefox browser for a better experience. No items found. Numbers speak for themselves 10,300 eth lended 5,040 eth borrowed 4,560 eth total profit 3,048 eth assets traded Enter the future of NFT finance non custodial multichain lending pools default recovery risk control NFT discovery zhartanomics non custodial multichain lending pools default recovery risk control NFT discovery zhartanomics Put your JPEGs Put your JPEGs to work. Start now. Launch App Subscribe to our newsletter Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Contact info@zharta.com info@zharta.com No items found. Company About Careers Privacy Policy Terms &amp; Conditions No items found. Resources FAQ’s Documentation Collection Stats No items found. No items found. No items found. Join our community © 2023 All rights reserved to Zharta. Shaped by&nbsp; Onda By clicking “Accept”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Accept Preferences Deny Privacy Preferences Essential cookies Required Marketing cookies Essential Personalization cookies Essential Analytics cookies Essential Reject all cookies Allow all cookies Save preferences No items found. 