 Why ZIKTALK? Features Whitepaper Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Terms Terms of Service Welcome to ZIKTALK! Create. Enjoy. Earn. Get Started * Available on F Y T I Earn rewards for every video you create! We believe that every creator deserves to be rewarded. Start ZIKTALK today and begin earning. Creator Share short-videos with the world. The more engagement you get, the more you earn. User Some of us just like to watch other people's videos. ZIKTALK rewards users who just watch! Our mission To connect the world and to reward those who play a part in doing so. Reward system For every like, comment, and follow you get, you receive ZIK tokens. These tokens can be converted to cash. Learn more &gt; Short-video Vertical videos for sharing everything from language to hobbies to culture. Video-only ZIKTALK is revolutionary in that there is no text - comments are also in video form! Creator Rewards Be rewarded for the views, likes, follows, and comments you receive. Wallet Hold, send, and receive your ZIK rewards in ZIKTALK's wallet. Download ZIKTALK now! ZIKTALK business@ziktalk.com Copyright©2022 Ziktalk. All rights reserved. Why ZIKTALK? Features Whitepaper Welcome to ZIKTALK! Create. Enjoy. Earn. Get Started * Available on F Y T I Earn rewards for every video you create! We believe that every creator deserves to be rewarded. Start ZIKTALK today and begin earning. Creator Share short-videos with the world. The more engagement you get, the more you earn. User Some of us just like to watch other people's videos. ZIKTALK rewards users who just watch! Our mission To connect the world and to reward those who play a part in doing so. Reward system For every like, comment, and follow you get, you receive ZIK tokens. These tokens can be converted to cash. Learn more &gt; Short-video Vertical videos for sharing everything from language to hobbies to culture. Video-only ZIKTALK is revolutionary in that there is no text - comments are also in video form! Creator Rewards Be rewarded for the views, likes, follows, and comments you receive. Wallet Hold, send, and receive your ZIK rewards in ZIKTALK's wallet. Download ZIKTALK now! ZIKTALK business@ziktalk.com Copyright©2022 Ziktalk. All rights reserved. Whitepaper Welcome to ZIKTALK! Create. Enjoy. Earn. Get Started * Available on F Y T I Earn rewards for every video you create! We believe that every creator deserves to be rewarded. Start ZIKTALK today and begin earning. Creator Share short-videos with the world. The more engagement you get, the more you earn. User Some of us just like to watch other people's videos. ZIKTALK rewards users who just watch! Our mission To connect the world and to reward those who play a part in doing so. Reward system For every like, comment, and follow you get, you receive ZIK tokens. These tokens can be converted to cash. Learn more &gt; Short-video Vertical videos for sharing everything from language to hobbies to culture. Video-only ZIKTALK is revolutionary in that there is no text - comments are also in video form! Creator Rewards Be rewarded for the views, likes, follows, and comments you receive. Wallet Hold, send, and receive your ZIK rewards in ZIKTALK's wallet. Download ZIKTALK now! ZIKTALK business@ziktalk.com Copyright©2022 Ziktalk. All rights reserved. 