 Pools Savings Pools Mining Pools Referrals Services View All Buy ZinaX Read Whitepaper Liquidity Mining Savings Pools Referrals Blog Page Contact Search Sign Up ZinaX DAO Pools Savings Pools Mining Pools Referrals Services View All Buy ZinaX Read Whitepaper Liquidity Mining Savings Pools Referrals Blog Page Contact Pools Savings Pools Mining Pools Referrals Services View All Buy ZinaX Read Whitepaper Liquidity Mining Savings Pools Referrals Blog Page Contact Search Launch app Wow! Earn up to 300% Interest Per Annum Fixed Deposit Savings in Crypto Escape inflation by saving in major cryptocurrencies and stablecoins. Get Started Use a web3 browser Earn High Interest on Your Crypto Assets Save Save Earn interest when you save BTC, BNB, MATIC, USDC, USDT, ZINA, etc Learn More Mine Mine Earn ZinaX rewards when you provide liquidity on Pancakeswap Learn More Mint Mint Mint asset backed NFTs, earn interest on them and make passive income Learn More Borrow Borrow Use your NFTs to access instant loans from us, at low interest rate Learn More join us Low Risk DeFi Savings We don't trade or invest your money. Your funds are locked in our Smart Contract and can only be accessed by you. Learn More A new kind of bank ZinaX offers high yield savings options, for the everyday man Learn More NFT Loans Learn More LP Mining Learn More DEFI SAVINGS It’s easier as ever! How to get started Connect your Trustwallet/Metamask to the dapp. Set Network to Binance SmartChain Select the Currency you wish to save in and click "approve contract" Put in the amount of tokens you wish to stake, and click on "Stake" You have successfully saved using the ZinaX Platform Chat With Us Refer a friend and earn 20% of his Rewards Join the Forum Instant Payouts Our smart contracts automatically credit you. No need to for admin authorization Zero Fees You don't need to register specially. Every ZinaX user can refer others. Earn Forever You keep earning your referral rewards forever. Non stop! Your Money, Your Rules Choose the asset class that suits your risk appetite. Your funds are securely locked on our smart contract Major Coins Yearly Plans Multiple Options Save in BTC, ETH, BNB, MATIC, CAKE, ZINA, ZINAX, etc Juicy Returns Up to 300% interest per annum ZinaX Rewards You earn ZinaX DAO tokens when you save in any of these assets Referral Commissions Earn rewards when you refer others to save on ZinaX Decentralized You remain in control of your savings. Admin cannot access your funds Emergency Withdrawal If you ever need your money before the lock expires, you can withdraw it. Cancellation fee applies Get Started Stable Coins Yearly Plans We offer saving plans for USDT and USDC Low Risk Savings Stablecoins are pegged to dollars so they rarely lose value ZinaX Rewards Earn ZinaX DAO Tokens when you save in stablecoins Juicy Returns Earn up to 300% when you save in stablecoins Zero Impairment Loss Stablecoins don't lose value, so your funds are not devalued over time Emergency Withdrawals You can pull out anytime you want. Cancellation fees apply Get Started LP Mining Yearly Plans Mine ZinaX/BNB LP Tokens Mine ZINA/BNB LP Tokens High Yield 200X Multiplier for our LP Miners Trading Fees Earn a cut when people buy or sell ZinaX Tokens Earn Double Your returns come in both ZinaX and BNB, depending on the condition of the market Zero Equipment Cost You don't need equipment to mine. Let your lp tokens mine for you Get Started Awesome &amp; active community We have a community of 12,000 enthusiats who are ready and willing to help you out. You can get instant support from our community anytime you run into issues using our platform. Chat With Us testimonials It’s easier as ever! Check out our customers success stories ZinaX has replaced my bank account. I save money only on ZinaX. That's how much I trust them. I advise you do the same too. You would never regret it Anita Ortega, Belgium I love ZinaX because it is sustainable. The yield does not shrink with time, rather it increases as the ZinaX Token price booms. Trust me, ZinaX is the future Richard Geere, Uganda I am a bad trader. I've lost a lot of money trading. ZinaX offers me the chance to make money from crypto, without trading. Absolutely love this. Bobby Brown, South Africa I didn't really understand much about cryptocurrencies, till I encountered ZinaX. The events helped me learn a lot, and also taught me the importance of HODL Jean Marie Seychelles Resources to keep you informed Read the Blog Payments May 17, 2022 Our Privacy Policy PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated:&nbsp;May, 2022 This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the manner in which&nbsp;ZinaX&nbsp;(“ZinaX”, “we,” or “us”) and our website at&nbsp;https://Zinax.org&nbsp;(the “Site”) use and collect data from individuals. This Policy, which is incorporated into and is subject to the&nbsp;ZinaX&nbsp;Terms of Use, describes the information that we gather from you on the Site, how we use … Read More Core Banking November 19, 2021 What are Cryptocurrencies A cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that is secured by cryptography, which makes it nearly impossible to counterfeit or double-spend. Read More Payments July 16, 2021 DeFi 101: Decentralized Finance for Dummies The world of finance is being disrupted by a new technology called decentralized finance. In this article, we seek to explain DeFi to absolute beginners, using everyday grammar. Read More Specialty Finance April 9, 2021 Introducing ZinaX Gaming We are happy to announce the launch of the ZinaX Gaming. The aim is to encourage participation on the communities and attract more users to the ecosystem Read More Core Banking April 9, 2021 A Beginner’s Guide to NFTs In this article, we seek to explain Non-Fungible Tokens(NFTs) to absolute beginners. Read More Payments May 17, 2022 Our Privacy Policy PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated:&nbsp;May, 2022 This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the manner in which&nbsp;ZinaX&nbsp;(“ZinaX”, “we,” or “us”) and our website at&nbsp;https://Zinax.org&nbsp;(the “Site”) use and collect data from individuals. This Policy, which is incorporated into and is subject to the&nbsp;ZinaX&nbsp;Terms of Use, describes the information that we gather from you on the Site, how we use … Read More Core Banking November 19, 2021 What are Cryptocurrencies A cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that is secured by cryptography, which makes it nearly impossible to counterfeit or double-spend. Read More Payments July 16, 2021 DeFi 101: Decentralized Finance for Dummies The world of finance is being disrupted by a new technology called decentralized finance. In this article, we seek to explain DeFi to absolute beginners, using everyday grammar. Read More Specialty Finance April 9, 2021 Introducing ZinaX Gaming We are happy to announce the launch of the ZinaX Gaming. The aim is to encourage participation on the communities and attract more users to the ecosystem Read More Core Banking April 9, 2021 A Beginner’s Guide to NFTs In this article, we seek to explain Non-Fungible Tokens(NFTs) to absolute beginners. Read More Payments May 17, 2022 Our Privacy Policy PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated:&nbsp;May, 2022 This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the manner in which&nbsp;ZinaX&nbsp;(“ZinaX”, “we,” or “us”) and our website at&nbsp;https://Zinax.org&nbsp;(the “Site”) use and collect data from individuals. This Policy, which is incorporated into and is subject to the&nbsp;ZinaX&nbsp;Terms of Use, describes the information that we gather from you on the Site, how we use … Read More Core Banking November 19, 2021 What are Cryptocurrencies A cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that is secured by cryptography, which makes it nearly impossible to counterfeit or double-spend. Read More Payments July 16, 2021 DeFi 101: Decentralized Finance for Dummies The world of finance is being disrupted by a new technology called decentralized finance. In this article, we seek to explain DeFi to absolute beginners, using everyday grammar. Read More Specialty Finance April 9, 2021 Introducing ZinaX Gaming We are happy to announce the launch of the ZinaX Gaming. The aim is to encourage participation on the communities and attract more users to the ecosystem Read More Core Banking April 9, 2021 A Beginner’s Guide to NFTs In this article, we seek to explain Non-Fungible Tokens(NFTs) to absolute beginners. Read More Join us What are you waiting for? Save in Crypto and Earn up to 300% Interest Start your journey to financial freedom today. JOIN ZINAX ZinaX DAO We offer non-custodial savings, on the blockchain. You are the only one with access to your funds App Store Google Play My Pools Bitcoin (BTCB) Ethereum (WETH) Binance SmartChain(WBNB) Polygon(MATIC) Pancakeswap (CAKE) USD Coin (USDC) Tether (USDT) LP Mining ZinaX-WBNB ZINA-WBNB ZNX ZinaX DAO Services Buy ZinaX Tokens Add Liquidity View Transactions Stake ZinaX Stake ZinaX LP Vote Changes View Audit Borrow Loan Nomics CoinMarketcap Poocoins Referrals Program Zinar NFT Information Announcements Medium Github Discord Youtube Contact Corporate Headquarters: 1309 Coffeen Avenue, Sheridan, Wyoming Zip Code: 82801 +1-619-800-5744 team@zinax.org Run by - ZinaX DAO © 2022 - All Rights Reserved. This is a non-custodial service We noticed you're visiting from Italy. We've updated our prices to Euro for your shopping convenience. Use United States (US) dollar instead. Dismiss 