 ZOMON THE PATH OF HEROES Go to app Whitepaper Ball Marketplace Zomon Marketplace The Game View ❌ We use cookies to improve user experience and provide critical features. By clicking Accept, you agree to our websize's cookie use as described in our Privacy Policy. Accept Are you ready for Zomon ? PLAY NOW 2 1 2 1 Days : 2 1 2 1 Hours : 2 1 2 1 Minutes : 2 1 2 1 Seconds Collect, train and battlein this exciting blockchain RPG Zomon is an action RPG fantasy game where you collect and train Zomon creatures to adventure across a fantasy world. Explore ancient mysteries and fantasy civilizations as you battle your way through history with the help of your friends. Collect rare and legendary NFT items to trade, buy or sell in order to create the best Zomon team possible. Discover the Zomon universe 50,000 years ago a comet changed Shala's world forever. The material of that meteorite and its magical properties created enchanted lands from which creatures called Zomon were born. Create a team of Zomon creatures and evolve them to face the rest of the creatures that fight for the same goal as you: get the magical runes of the comet and thus control an ascentral power from another galaxy. Message from the team: we were able to capture some of these creatures inside Zomon balls. Each machine contains creatures of different rarities and properties. Some exclusive Zomons may only appear on a single machine. Explore mysterious dungeons, get runes, tokens and new Zomons Collect, enhance and evolve amazing 3D NFT Zomons to reach their full potential Fight in PvP leagues against other users and climb divisions to reach the top Complete dungeons &amp; win leagues with your Zomons to earn $ZPS token Rarity System All Zomons are amazing, but some Zomons are more amazing than others. We’ve have classified by their rarity: rarest Zomons have a much better growing potential and more powerful skills compared to common ones. ◀ Common ▶ Hold while playing Shiny Zomons are extremely rare alternate versions with unusual aesthetics and stat boosts. But they have something much more important: all Shiny Zomons have cryptos inside them, which depend on their rarity and increase with their level. An Epic Zomon contains .... A Legendary Zomon contains .... A Mythic Zomon contains .... View Chart Epic Legendary Mythic How to evolve a Shiny Zomon To bring a Shiny Zomon to its full potential,the creature needs to evolve. The requirement to evolve a Shiny Zomon is to burn other zomons of the same name. The number of Zomons of the same name required depends on the rarity of your Shiny Zomon. You can see the total number of copies needed to raise a Shiny Zomon to its maximum level on the following graphic: 6 Epic 10 Legendary 15 Mythic What is inside a Zomon Ball? Origin Ball Contains one Zomon for the Origin set. Those Zomons are part of the main game and will be available when the game is released. Common 32% Rare 36% Epic 18% Legendary 9% Mythic 5% Event Ball Contains one exclusive Zomon specific to the gacha machine and a powerful rune you can equip to any Zomon in game in order to improve their stats. Epic 40% Legendary 35% Mythic 25% Shiny Ball Contains one extremely rare shiny Zomon specific to the gacha machine that have cryptos inside them, which depend on their rarity and their level. Epic 88% Legendary 10% Mythic 2% Team Teamwork always plays an important role in the success of a project. As a team, we've been dining out together for over 5 years, and we all have a lot of experience in that, so let's win chicken for dinner. Rafa Bernabé Boss, ice cream tubs and salads Julián Serravi Zomon Director, popcorn lover at cinema José Luis Cebrián Tech master, mealtime is sacred Enzo Ferey Blockchain monster, thinks he eats well Pablo Fernández Art machine, he used to eat still life pictures Frequently Asked Questions How can I play? The game is now playable from our DAPP! To access the game you must have a Zomon account that you can create from the "GO TO APP" button, where you can buy Zomons and play directly the game. We are currently in Beta, so if you find any bugs do not hesitate to contact us on our Discord. Enjoy it!! How can I buy a Zomon ball? Go to the app by clicking the big pink button on top right corner. Once you sign in, you will see at the top on the navigation bar a "Machines" item. On that page, you can find two machines. One machine for making purchases with GOLD (Zomon token) and another one for making purchases with MATIC. By clicking the "Buy" button below each of them you will be able to see the possible content to obtain by making a purchase on that machine. Once you have made your choice, simply confirm the transaction with your wallet to make the purchase. What is inside a Zomon ball? Each machine contains 3 different types of balls. Origin ball: Contains 1 random Zomon from the Origin collection. Event Ball: Contains 1 exclusive Zomon that belongs to the current active collection. Event balls and their zomons will be exclusive to the duration of the collection event and cannot be purchased in-game in the future. Shiny Ball: Contains 1 Zomon with the strange and rare shiny effect. Shiny Zomons contain an amount of MATIC, WETH or WBTC depending on their rarity and level." Do you have a rarity system? Yes. Every Zomon belongs to a different rarity type: Common, Rare, Epic, Legendary and Mythic. You can check the rarity of your Zomon in the NFT details. Will there be a secondary market? Yes. You will be able to trade your Zomons on OpenSea as soon as you obtain it. Do I own a Zomon after the purchase? Of course. When you get a Zomon, it is yours in its own right, and you can do with your Zomon whatever you want: hold it and generate tokens, sell it, or exchange it for a different one. Can I see my Zomons? Yes. You can see everything about your Zomons and other game items on our app. Click the big pink button on top right corner and get started collecting ! Is Zomon: The Path of Heroes a remake? Yes, it is. The original game was a mobile game released in 2016 that had very good reviews and a small but very loyal community, for marketing and budget reasons we couldn't scale it enough. Now, we have worked to redesign the game for the blockchain, improve the 3D models, and give even more depth to its mechanics. Really, we hope you like it! Privacy Policy Disclaimer © 2022 Bite Vein Games, Inc. All Rights Reserved. © 2022 Bite Vein Games, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 