 Token Catalogue Battles FAQ dApp Your hub for gamified Defi With ZooDAO, champion NFTs inBattles and seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era ofDefi rewards. With ZooDAO, champion NFTs in Battlesand seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era of Defirewards. Litepaper Your hub for gamified Defi With ZooDAO, champion NFTs inBattles and seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era ofDefi rewards. With ZooDAO, champion NFTs in Battlesand seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era of Defirewards. Litepaper Your hub for gamified Defi With ZooDAO, champion NFTs inBattles and seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era ofDefi rewards. With ZooDAO, champion NFTs in Battlesand seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era of Defirewards. Litepaper Your hub for gamified Defi With ZooDAO, champion NFTs inBattles and seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era ofDefi rewards. With ZooDAO, champion NFTs in Battlesand seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era of Defirewards. Litepaper Your hub for gamified Defi With ZooDAO, champion NFTs inBattles and seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era ofDefi rewards. With ZooDAO, champion NFTs in Battlesand seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era of Defirewards. Litepaper Your hub for gamified Defi With ZooDAO, champion NFTs inBattles and seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era ofDefi rewards. With ZooDAO, champion NFTs in Battlesand seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era of Defirewards. Litepaper Your hub for gamified Defi With ZooDAO, champion NFTs inBattles and seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era ofDefi rewards. With ZooDAO, champion NFTs in Battlesand seize your opponents’ lucrative yields. Dive into a new era of Defirewards. Litepaper ‹ › Battles DeFi Battles ZooDAO brings a fresh take to DeFi with no-loss NFT Battles. Staked NFTs are voted on tocompete in DeFi Battles, where you Battle for your own yield plus your opponent's yield in ano-loss environment. By staking crypto in favor of their preferred NFTs, the communityinfluences outcomes of Battles and boosts their yield generation. With ZooDAO, leverage yourfuture yield for maximized return potential in the arena. To Battle, anons! Launch Battles Battle Ready Projects Previous The Alien Boy Cupcats PixaWizards Luchadores ELVEN Holy Cows Polymorphs MoonCats Cryptopunks CryptoKitties Cool Cats Hashmasks FLUF World Meebits MetaTravelers Surreals RomanPunks Purr Evil The Alien Boy Cupcats PixaWizards Luchadores ELVEN Holy Cows Polymorphs MoonCats Cryptopunks CryptoKitties Cool Cats Hashmasks FLUF World Meebits MetaTravelers Surreals RomanPunks Purr Evil The Alien Boy Cupcats PixaWizards Luchadores ELVEN Holy Cows Next Previous BEANZ Official Creepz Genesis World of Women WulfBoy SocialClub Wrapped EtherWaifu Dumpster Dorks Bored Ape Yacht Club Pudgy Penguins Devious Demon Dudes Divine Anarchy Humans of the Metaverse Lobby Lobsters RandoMice Genesis Feline Fiendz NFT Fluffy Polar Bears Meta Eagle Club Monster Shelter Gh0stly Gh0sts BEANZ Official Creepz Genesis World of Women WulfBoy SocialClub Wrapped EtherWaifu Dumpster Dorks Bored Ape Yacht Club Pudgy Penguins Devious Demon Dudes Divine Anarchy Humans of the Metaverse Lobby Lobsters RandoMice Genesis Feline Fiendz NFT Fluffy Polar Bears Meta Eagle Club Monster Shelter Gh0stly Gh0sts BEANZ Official Creepz Genesis World of Women WulfBoy SocialClub Wrapped EtherWaifu Dumpster Dorks Next Previous mfers 0N1 Force MekaVerse VeeFriends Alien Frens CLONE X AlleyKatz ALPACADABRAZ BitAliens Cosmos Kidz Creepy Creams CrypToadz Dead Freaks Ethlizards FancyBirds Alfa Pass The Habibiz Tiny Dinos Nubbies Whale Pals MutantCats EDGEHOGS Azuki goblintown.wtf Moonbirds Doodles mfers 0N1 Force MekaVerse VeeFriends Alien Frens CLONE X AlleyKatz ALPACADABRAZ BitAliens Cosmos Kidz Creepy Creams CrypToadz Dead Freaks Ethlizards FancyBirds Alfa Pass The Habibiz Tiny Dinos Nubbies Whale Pals MutantCats EDGEHOGS Azuki goblintown.wtf Moonbirds Doodles mfers 0N1 Force MekaVerse VeeFriends Alien Frens CLONE X Next technologies State of the art integration ZooDAO leverages the best technologies to keep users safe, maintain trust, and guarantee fairness. Integrating Aragon provides true autonomy and fairness to the DAO. Chainlink's VRF guarantees fair play, providing true randomness to Battle outcomes. The DeFi protocols ZooDAO builds on delivers users organic yield, underpinning our rewards mechanism. Aragon Aragon’s robust, open-source DAO infrastructure enables us to build a truly decentralized governance and community engagement platform. View Technology GMX GMX is a decentralized spot and perpetual exchange that supports low swap fees and zero price impact trades. View Technology Abracadabra Abracadabra.money is a leverage and lending platform that uses interest-bearing tokens as collateral to borrow the omnistablecoin MIM. View Technology Squid Squid lets you swap any token between blockchains, and unlocks access to apps across chains in a single click. View Technology LayerZero LayerZero is an omnichain interoperability protocol. LayerZero enables the realization of cross-chain applications with a low level communication primitive. View Technology Subsquid Subsquid is Web3's premier API framework, supercharging dApps across 30+ chains. View Technology Tokenomics Token utility, distribution and reward mechanisms. Learn More Guide Learn about the magic of ZooDAO and the handy dApp. Learn More Balancer $ZOO is available on Balancer, a DEX on the Arbitrumnetwork. Get $ZOO Pools Advanced yield farming integrating ERC-721 tokens ZooDAO's platform enables users to stake and vote on NFTs, generating rewards in DeFi yields, $ZOO tokens, and unique collectibles. Card Catalogue ZooDAO NFT Cards Earn collectibles from each of the four elements to unlock exclusive airdrops and hidden rewards. Сhoose your combination Select the desired card element as well as its scarcity. Earth Water Air Fire Common Rare Epic Legendary Earn by staking your Rarib | Earn by staking your Rarible | Get Started about ZooDAO We built ZooDAO to help onboard the next wave of users into DeFi with an exciting, engaging solution. Through years of ideations and hard work, we're excited to provide a solution to the community that we wish was available when we first entered the space. Meet the passionate minds behind ZooDAO Social Media Contributors Trevor position Vision Responsible experience 6 years Dmitry position Sr. Solidity Developer experience 10 years Alexey position Sr. Solidity Developer experience 7 years Slava position Jn. Solidity Developer experience 2 years Rinat position Sr. Full Stack Developer experience 11 years Roy position Sr. Full Stack Developer experience 5 years Evgenii position Sr. Development Operations experience 7 years Olga position Marketing Responsible experience 5 years Josh position Ext. Relations Responsible experience 5 years Patrick position Content Manager experience 7 years Yaroslav position Jn. Designer experience 2 years Dimitri position Finance Lead experience 10 years vision Our purpose We're building a community-governed platform, powered by the community's vision for the project's future. By combining the familial bonds and unrivaled energy of the NFT space with the ever-evolving world of DeFi, we're seeking to push the boundaries of both sectors to generate greater value for all users. Social Media roadmap Roadmap Our ultimate vision for $ZOO centers around turning the world of DeFi into a playground,simplifying complexities while amplifying rewards. We're not just creating anotherfinancial protocol; we're designing an interactive and fun experience that lures usersinto the DeFi ecosystem. As we continue to grow and evolve, we pledge to keep ourcommunity at the forefront, ensuring their voice is heard in governance, and their stakeis felt in the project's achievements. Pre-Launch Website UI/UX Ropsten Tests Internal Audits Smartcontracts Various Integrations Token generation DAO launch NFT Cards on IPFS Phase 1 LBP on Balancer External Audit Yield Farming on Uniswap v3 NFT Staking NFT Airdrops Marketing Partnerships P1 P2 Phase 2 Moonbeam V0 Audit Public testnet Moonbeam V0 Launch Squid Integration dApp Automation GMX Integration Abracadabra Integration Ranked Battles ZAP Harvest Rewards Marketing LayerZero NFT Bridge V1 Arbitrum Audit V1 Arbitrum Launch Phase 3 Batch NFT Staking Social Reputation System Isolated Lending Market Homomorphic Encryptions Random Voting Multi-protocol Voting Quality Assurance Quality Control Public Testnet V2 Audit V2 Launch NFT Lootboxes &amp; Powerups Protocol vs Protocol Battles Tokenization of Future Yield Cross-chain Battles P3 help FAQ What are the benefits of ZooDAO? ZooDAO offers an innovative and engaging approach to DeFi, bringing together thecommunal world of NFTs and decentralized finance. Users benefit from simplified,accessible, and gamified yield strategies in a no-loss environment. By participatingin NFT Battles, users can stake their NFTs and have the community vote on outcomes,competing for their yield plus their opponent's yield. With the ability to leveragefuture yield for potentially maximized returns, ZooDAO creates a fun and profitableplatform for both newcomers and experienced DeFi degens. The project's integrationof NFTs with DeFi also provides an opportunity for users to always have a meaningfulpurpose for their NFTs, unlocking clout with rival communities and friends.Additionally, the platform’s focus on community engagement and governance ensures adynamic and user-centric ecosystem that adapts to the evolving needs and preferencesof its users. What are $ZOO and ZooDAO? $ZOO is a native deflationary token used as a utility to participate in pools, and vote in governance decisions&nbsp;with&nbsp;the&nbsp;dApp. ZooDAO is the name used for the community governed Decentralized Autonomous Organization. What is an ERC-721 token? The ERC-721 is the Ethereum’s standard for NFTs. It is used as a unique identifier for an asset, including digital artworks, collectibles and much more. ERC-721 ensures that when a token is created, there is one and only one of those tokens in existence. Where can I buy $ZOO? Coming soon Will $ZOO go to the moon? Our focus is on building a robust, community-governed dApp that offers real utilityto its users. $ZOO is designed to facilitate participation in our platform and toenable users to engage with our gamified DeFi services. We are committed to creatinga sustainable and user-friendly ecosystem where NFT and digital asset holders canbenefit from their assets. Our priority is long-term, organic growth, and fosteringa strong, engaged community around our project. In its nascent phase, $ZOOis laser-focused on securing organic growth and fortifying community trust throughtransparent governance mechanisms. We view decentralization not just as a featurebut as the very cornerstone of our project's future. What is Yield Farming? Yield farming, also called liquidity mining, is a way to generate passive income while holdings crypto assets. To participate in yield farming, owners of a cryptocurrency or digital asset lend their crypto assets in order to generate returns and rewards. We recommend users participate in yield farming only after understanding the associated benefits and risks. Who is behind ZooDAO? ZooDAO was started by a group of passionate developers who have been working in crypto since the first launch of Ethereum in 2015. The team has experience in Blockchain Development, Banking &amp; Finance, Software Development, Marketing, Communication and Regulation &amp; Compliance. Why build a DAO? DAOs, or Decentralized Autonomous Organizations enable users to take an active role in deciding the future of the community through transparent, distributed decision making. We believe that our community members should have every opportunity to participate in the governance and success of ZooDAO, and are excited to deliver a new solution through active participation of the community. news &amp; events Recent Articles Nov 9, 2021 Fairness by Design Fairness is an easy claim to make, but a challenging one to deliver upon. When we started building the foundation supporting ZooDAO, we encountered the challenge of embedding fairness at multiple stages. The team critically examined what fairness ... Read More · 5 min read Oct 26, 2021 NFT Battles, explained In our last Medium article, we shared the groundbreaking use-case for NFTs pioneered by ZooDAO, and provided an overview of the $ZOO token. In this article, we’re excited to share exactly how this works — giving the community the opportunity to gain ... Read More · 3 min read Oct 20, 2021 The essentials The idea of borrowing and lending money with the promise of repayment isn’t the most novel of concepts. Lending and borrowing money or other assets can be traced back as far as 3000 BC to ancient Mesopotamia, when Babylonian laws were codified ... Read More · 3 min read Oct 15, 2021 The Brains of the Operation Back in 2011, the crypto world looked quite different from what it does today. At the risk of sounding like your grandfather, back in the early days, it was a lot more work; there were no well-thought-out UIs, or sexy looking dApps to interact with. It was ... Read More · 3 min read Oct 10, 2021 Why ZooDAO? The extension of cryptocurrencies into the art world seems almost obvious now it’s here. While some of us bought baseball cards, Pokemon, Pogs and all the other collectibles of our childhood, we now have the option to extend our collectibles into the digital world... Read More · 2 min read Oct 5, 2021 A story of numbers Anyone who’s spent any time online (really anywhere) Instagram, facebook, Linkedin — you name it — will have heard of an NFT. Those who haven’t are likely not the people buying NFTs, or even remotely interested in their existence. Despite some people’s ... Read More · 3 min read Aug 23, 2023 ZooDAO’s V0 vs V1 — Here’s What’s New! Hey there, Zooligans! 🦁 We’re roaring into action with a host ofimprovements in our much-awaited V1. Our relentless efforts have beenchannelled into refining the user experience and expanding our featureset, ensuring you dive into ... Read More · 5 min read Jul 11, 2023 Lessons Learned from ZooDAO’s V0 Deployment: Preparing for aUser-centric V1 Transitioning from ZooDAO’s V0 to our anticipated V1 launch is a time ofreflection, learning, and strategic adjustments. We take pride in ourstrides thus far, and all the community’s support, but there’s ... Read More · 4 min read Mar 10, 2023 Community Round Update Dear ZooDAO community, Our team has been working tirelessly every singleday in discussions with many potential partners to help us build ourfuture vision for our community project. We’re pleased to announce someexciting news regarding a new partnership we have formed to ... Read More · 3 min read Feb 20, 2023 Extend Team and Early Backer Token Lock Dear ZooDAO Community, We are proposing an extension of the token lockfor the team and early backers of the $ZOO token. As the community mayknow, the current lockup period is set to begin unlocking in two days,with a rate of 5% per month for ... Read More · 2 min read Feb 17, 2023 ZooDAO’s Fair Valuation Community Round B ZooDAO is a revolutionary dApp with no competition, and Zooligans, newand old, are beginning to realise the sheer scope and scale of ZooDAO’sdApp. We have an extraordinary opportunity to build and clip our Battlesystem to NFT and DeFi ... Read More · 3 min read Nov 1, 2022 ZooDAO’s Yield Snowball We’re excited to propose changes to the yield distribution of NFTBattles. We suggest increasing the DAO’s income to 9.5% and minorchanges to xZOO and Jackpots. Our reasoning for this proposal isdetailed below. A deepened DAO treasury aims to create a snowball effect... Read More · 3 min read Sep 10, 2022 Launch of the ZooDAO Public Testnet The ZooDAO team is incredibly excited to announce the launch of ourpublic testnet. For most, this is the first opportunity to see the(near) final version of ZooDAO’s dApp and test its functionality. TheZooDAO team extends ... Read More · 2 min read Aug 19, 2022 Extending token locking ZooDAO is a project over two years in the making, supported by adedicated team spread throughout the world. Since inception, the projectteam has grown from three members to 15, of which 12 work full-time onthe project. As ZooDAO progresses to full launch in 2022 ... Read More · 3 min read Aug 14, 2022 Introducing xZOO and Jackpots Active participation of the community in deciding on our future strategy is central to ZooDAO’s structure and a core tenet of the DAO. Community involvement has accelerated uptake of innovative strategies, and adoption of best practices in the design ... Read More · 5 min read Jun 19, 2022 veZOO: The path to greatness We’re excited to announce the latest in a string of exciting new developments planned for deployment in ZooDAO’s NFT Battles: veZOO! The veToken model, or vote-escrow model pioneered by Curve brings $ZOO into focus for NFT Projects integrated ... Read More · 5 min read Jun 17, 2022 A leap forward in our strategy As we continue building bridges between NFTs and DeFi, it has become clear that the demand for NFT utility and cross-chain solutions are greater than we anticipated. Soliciting guidance and input from peers and project leads in the NFT and DeFi space ... Read More · 7 min read Apr 28, 2022 Yield Farming on Sushi is live! In our last article, we broke down how Yield Farming works, and the unique benefits ZooDAO users can expect to secure through participation. In this article, we provide specific details on the logistics of deploying Yield Farming on Sushi, and how users can get started ... Read More · 4 min read Mar 30, 2022 Yield Farming is finally here! For the Zooligans who are veterans in the DeFi space, the next step in our journey is an obvious one. For relative newcomers to the project or the world of DeFi, this next milestone will be an opportunity to learn about the inner mechanics of DeFi, and how projects ... Read More · 8 min read Mar 5, 2022 Launch of $ZOO on Uniswap V3 Following our two highly successful IDO and LBP, the next step in ZooDAO’s roadmap is the launch of $ZOO tokens for trading on the open market. As we recently shared with the community, $ZOO will be launching on Uniswap V3, the most advanced DEX ... Read More · 8 min read Feb 28, 2022 LBP: After-Action Review We would like to thank the community for its continued support andengagement as the team works towards building a solution to NFT utility,delivering on our core mission of creating Your hub for gamified DeFi.This week, we launched our Liquidity Bootstrapping Pool ... Read More · 6 min read Feb 18, 2022 Why hold $ZOO? $ZOO is the native utility token of ZooDAO, a community-driven solution to NFT utility. $ZOO is an ERC-20 token, based on the Ethereum blockchain. ERC-20 is the most widely accepted standard for tokens, with standard parameters for tokens to be housed ... Read More · 6 min read Feb 16, 2022 ZooDAO: LBP Following the success of the ZooDAO IDO, held from February 7–13, we are excited to announce the upcoming launch of the ZooDAO Liquidity Bootstrapping Pool (LBP). The LBP is planned to take place over 72 hours, from 22 — 25 February, 2022, on Copper ... Read More · 6 min read Feb 4, 2022 Launch of the ZooDAO Testnet The ZooDAO team is excited to announce the launch of our testnet in two stages, beginning with a private testnet for supporters and peers in the DeFi space, followed by a public testnet for the ZooDAO Community and others. These two stages will take ... Read More · 3 min read Jan 25, 2022 Initial DEX Offering (IDO) Congratulations to all of the community members who were successful in securing a spot in the ZooDAO Whitelist! As we detailed in our previous Whitelist article, the first 100 users enrolled in the ZooDAO Official Discord channel were whitelisted ... Read More · 6 min read Jan 23, 2022 FAQs: NFT Battles For a full breakdown of NFT Battles, visit this article. What does “no-loss” mean in the context of NFT Battles? NFT Battles are designed to be “no-loss”, meaning an NFT Holder staking their NFT in a Battle will not leave the Battle Arena with less than they arrived with ... Read More · 4 min read Jan 7, 2022 Integrating Chainlink VRF We’re excited to announce that ZooDAO — a community-governed platform that enables users to earn passive income from their staked NFTs — is integrating Chainlink Verifiable Random Function (VRF) on the Ethereum mainnet. By integrating ... Read More · 3 min read Dec 24, 2021 ZooDAO: Whitelisting ZooDAO is a project two years in the making. The team has worked tirelessly to build an ecosystem in which NFT owners can generate passive income on their NFTs, with a project-agnostic solution to NFT utility. For the first time, we welcome users ... Read More · 5 min read Dec 17, 2021 The “DAO” in ZooDAO We’ve all become skeptical of the word “revolutionize” in the last few years , and with good reason: It seems every new startup purports to “revolutionize the way you (fill in the blank here with something mundane)”. We don’t contend that new technologies ... Read More · 4 min read Dec 4, 2021 ZooDAO Integrates stablecoins to deliver stable yield to NFT holders One of the key challenges yet to be addressed by the existing market solutions for NFTs is utility. The explosive growth of NFTs is mired by the lack of long-term solutions, generating ... Read More · 4 min read Dec 4, 2021 ZooDAO x Devious Demon Dudes ZooDAO is thrilled to announce that the Devious Demon Dudes will be among the first NFTs to be integrated into our NFT Battles dApp for launch. Read More · 2 min read Nov 9, 2021 Fairness by Design Fairness is an easy claim to make, but a challenging one to deliver upon. When we started building the foundation supporting ZooDAO, we encountered the challenge of embedding fairness at multiple stages. The team critically examined what fairness ... Read More · 5 min read Oct 26, 2021 NFT Battles, explained In our last Medium article, we shared the groundbreaking use-case for NFTs pioneered by ZooDAO, and provided an overview of the $ZOO token. In this article, we’re excited to share exactly how this works — giving the community the opportunity to gain ... Read More · 3 min read Oct 20, 2021 The essentials The idea of borrowing and lending money with the promise of repayment isn’t the most novel of concepts. Lending and borrowing money or other assets can be traced back as far as 3000 BC to ancient Mesopotamia, when Babylonian laws were codified ... Read More · 3 min read Oct 15, 2021 The Brains of the Operation Back in 2011, the crypto world looked quite different from what it does today. At the risk of sounding like your grandfather, back in the early days, it was a lot more work; there were no well-thought-out UIs, or sexy looking dApps to interact with. It was ... Read More · 3 min read Oct 10, 2021 Why ZooDAO? The extension of cryptocurrencies into the art world seems almost obvious now it’s here. While some of us bought baseball cards, Pokemon, Pogs and all the other collectibles of our childhood, we now have the option to extend our collectibles into the digital world... Read More · 2 min read Oct 5, 2021 A story of numbers Anyone who’s spent any time online (really anywhere) Instagram, facebook, Linkedin — you name it — will have heard of an NFT. Those who haven’t are likely not the people buying NFTs, or even remotely interested in their existence. Despite some people’s ... Read More · 3 min read Aug 23, 2023 ZooDAO’s V0 vs V1 — Here’s What’s New! Hey there, Zooligans! 🦁 We’re roaring into action with a host ofimprovements in our much-awaited V1. Our relentless efforts have beenchannelled into refining the user experience and expanding our featureset, ensuring you dive into ... Read More · 5 min read Jul 11, 2023 Lessons Learned from ZooDAO’s V0 Deployment: Preparing for aUser-centric V1 Transitioning from ZooDAO’s V0 to our anticipated V1 launch is a time ofreflection, learning, and strategic adjustments. We take pride in ourstrides thus far, and all the community’s support, but there’s ... Read More · 4 min read Mar 10, 2023 Community Round Update Dear ZooDAO community, Our team has been working tirelessly every singleday in discussions with many potential partners to help us build ourfuture vision for our community project. We’re pleased to announce someexciting news regarding a new partnership we have formed to ... Read More · 3 min read Feb 20, 2023 Extend Team and Early Backer Token Lock Dear ZooDAO Community, We are proposing an extension of the token lockfor the team and early backers of the $ZOO token. As the community mayknow, the current lockup period is set to begin unlocking in two days,with a rate of 5% per month for ... Read More · 2 min read Feb 17, 2023 ZooDAO’s Fair Valuation Community Round B ZooDAO is a revolutionary dApp with no competition, and Zooligans, newand old, are beginning to realise the sheer scope and scale of ZooDAO’sdApp. We have an extraordinary opportunity to build and clip our Battlesystem to NFT and DeFi ... Read More · 3 min read Nov 1, 2022 ZooDAO’s Yield Snowball We’re excited to propose changes to the yield distribution of NFTBattles. We suggest increasing the DAO’s income to 9.5% and minorchanges to xZOO and Jackpots. Our reasoning for this proposal isdetailed below. A deepened DAO treasury aims to create a snowball effect... Read More · 3 min read Sitemap Main Token Catalogue dApp Battles FAQ Docs Litepaper Whitepaper Social Media Terms&nbsp;and&nbsp;Conditions Copyright&nbsp;Disclaimer © 2021-2022 ZooDAO | All rights reserved × CryptoKitties CryptoKitties is a game centered around breedable, collectible, and oh-so-adorable creatures we call CryptoKitties! Each cat is one-of-a-kind and 100% owned by you; it cannot be replicated, taken away, or destroyed. × Polymorphs The Polymorphs are a collection of morphing NFTs, with 11 available base skins and 200+ traits. The Polymorph’s DNA can be scrambled by its owner, which can change the Polymorph’s outfit and wearable items. × MoonCats Launched on August 10th, 2017, the MoonCatRescue Insanely Cute Operation was a success! The 25440 MoonCats rescued are acclimating to their life as fully on-chain collectible critters. Vintage, generative, and a pioneer of fair distribution, MoonCats can also be customized in the on-chain MoonCatBoutique! × CryptoPunks CryptoPunks launched as a fixed set of 10,000 items in mid-2017 and became one of the inspirations for the ERC-721 standard. They have been featured in places like The New York Times, Christie’s of London, Art|Basel Miami, and The PBS NewsHour. × Cool Cats Cool Cats is a collection of 9,999 randomly generated and stylistically curated NFTs that exist on the Ethereum Blockchain. Cool Cat holders can participate in exclusive events such as NFT claims, raffles, community giveaways, and more. Remember, all cats are cool, but some are cooler than others. × Hashmasks Hashmasks are ancient traits and memories of the first travelers to Earth. Their journey here was long and hard. The Hashmasks forgot their names by the time they arrived. They left clues for us to unravel so that we could discover their meaning.​ × FLUF World Flufs are the collection that started it all. 10,000 3D rabbit avatars, programmatically-generated from over 270 traits! Unique by at least three degrees of separation, Flufs are yours to trade, collect and customise through our growing Scenes &amp; Sounds collection. But Flufs aren’t just furry faces... Metaverse-ready and full of surprises, they’re your ticket to a world of exclusive content, digital connectivity, IRL experiences and more. × Meebits The Meebits are 20,000 unique 3D voxel characters, created by a custom generative algorithm, then registered on the Ethereum blockchain. × MetaTravelers We are creating a collection to unite the Metaverse. Our team is made up of like-minded artists, developers and creators who all share the same dream of Decentralized open worlds and cross-reality experiences. We came together to create the highest level custom 3D avatars and to empower a community by paving an avenue for developers &amp; artists to participate in creating the Metaverse with us. × The Official Surreals The Surreals are a collection of 10,000 hand-painted portraits with a surreal, vintage naturalist aesthetic. × RomanPunks RomanPunks are 1,000 1:1 handmade, cyberpunk derivative characters drawn by a female artist. It’s AD 410, the Goths are sacking the city of Rome. A rift in the fabric of space-time occurs at the Temple of Jupiter Capitolinus. Suddenly multiple dimensions collide and coalesce. Time travelers &amp; space farers exist alongside terrestrials who had previously lived thousands of years apart. The world is now a fractured patchwork of time and space with Rome at the center of it all. The world is now RomanPunk. × PURR EVIL ORIGINS 100 demonic C∀Ts roam the streets of Ether. They are unpredictable, cute, naughty, nightmarish, and all of them are PURR ΞVIL. Can you tame them? 95 Common 5 Conjurers (their owners get advantage in raffles/drops) × The Alien Boy Each Alien Boy is unique and algorithmically generated by combining 182 properties with varying rarities in 9 categories (Backgrounds, Skin, Face, Eyes, Body, Mouth, Accessory, Head, Special Power) Limited supply of 10.000 Alien Boys invading the shitty earth. Our alien-source brand grants ownership and commercial usage rights given to the owner not only over their NFT but also to The Alien Boy open source brand. × Cupcats Official Woman-led, artist founded project. × PixaWizards A collection of 1,000 unique pixelated wizards. × Luchadores Luchadores are 100% on-chain and were generated using Chainlink VRF. Holding a Luchador provides a daily $LUCHA yield and alpha access to the P2E auto battler being built on Polygon. Name your fighter and customise stats, skills and wearables to win fights and earn $LUCHA! × ELVEN ELVEN is the second full-scale NFT project from acclaimed young artist Yasmeen Suleiman, following her highly successful 1/1 project, #NFTeacups (2021). The artwork is all hand-drawn by Yasmeen and based on an original style of character she has been sketching, painting and doodling since she was 10 years old. × Holy Cows 5,000 holy cows grazing the heavenly green pastures of the metaverse have entered the pearly white gates of the Ethereum × Bored Ape Yacht Club The Bored Ape Yacht Club is a collection of 10,000 unique Bored Ape NFTs— unique digital collectibles living on the Ethereum blockchain. Your Bored Ape doubles as your Yacht Club membership card, and grants access to members-only benefits, the first of which is access to THE BATHROOM, a collaborative graffiti board. Future areas and perks can be unlocked by the community through roadmap activation. Visit www.BoredApeYachtClub.com for more details. × Pudgy Penguins Pudgy Penguins is a collection of 8,888 NFTs, waddling through Web3. Embodying empathy &amp; compassion, Pudgy Penguins are a beacon of positivity in the NFT Space. Each holder receives exclusive access to experiences, events, and more. × Devious Demon Dudes Devious Demon Dudes is a collection of 6666 unique Demon NFTs. They live eternally attached to the ethereum blockchain. Each demon and demon trait was digitally hand drawn to achieve devious perfection. DDD is a community run project where members decide where funds will be allocated, what rewards to be given, and what events to occur around and beyond the metaverse. Ownership of a demon gives continuous reward and access to the 666 club. × Divine Anarchy The Official Divine Anarchy Collection. 10,011 Children of Anarchy. The world’s first NFT social RPG. Divine Anarchy is 10,011 unique anime themed digital collectibles living on the Ethereum blockchain. Your Child of Anarchy doubles as your playable character and grants special access to members-only benefits within the official world of Divine Anarchy. In a world of chaos, there lies two factions, Heroes and Nemesis. Among these factions comes various unique characters from Atlanteans, Mongols, Genesis and more to be seen once acquainted within our world. × Humans of the Metaverse A collection of 6500 Humans are building the most innovative City inside of the Metaverse: the MetaCity. Connected through Art, Business Models and passion for innovation, the MetaCity is the place where we turn dreams into reality. × Lobby Lobsters 10,000 rarity based Lobby Lobsters are on a mission to empower the community. Collectors are buying more than an NFT. Lobby Lobsters are a badge of honor. 100% of the money from each purchase is donated to lobbying efforts that fight for better laws and policies surrounding cryptocurrency. Together we can make a difference and change the universe! × RandoMice Genesis A collection of 6,969 (nice) cute and badass RandoMice is here to bring you joy! × AlleyKatzOfficial A passion project between three long time friends, Alley Katz is 5555 unique Katz comprised of hundreds of hand drawn, high quality assets by our in-house artist Paurometabolous. No two Katz are the same, but the stunning artistic detail in every Katz NFT is. × ALPACADABRAZ The Alpacadabraz Genesis Collection is where it all started. These aren’t just JPEGs -- they represent admission to an exclusive and celebrated club and they’re often loaded with utility and perks. If you’re new to the NFT space, this is a tremendous way to jump in. If you’re a veteran, you won’t want to miss out. Regardless, our buying guide will get you started. × BitAliens The first alien PFP project. The first handmade PFP project. The first free mint PFP project. 2,500 BitAliens in total. 500 Gen 1, 2000 Gen 2. Each BitAlien is hand drawn and hand assembled making it 100% handmade. There is zero coding involved in the creation process. × Cosmos Kidz The Genesis Cosmos Kidz collection consists of 6060 unique cartoon kidz. This collection is only the beginning of the rapidly growing Cosmos ecosystem... × Creepy Creams Access to NFT WORLDS play-to-earn games, Access The Sandbox community hub Presale pass for all future collections Stake to earn utility token $SCOOP and vote on acquisitions for The Freezer, a metaverse land vault with shared ownership for all Alpha Wave &amp; Mecha Melter holders. × CrypToadz CrypToadz are a collection 6969 small amphibious creatures trying to escape the tyrannical rule of the Evil King Gremplin. Created by Gremplin, with a small bit of help from his friends. This project is in the public domain. Feel free to use the toadz in any way you want. × Dead Freaks Welcome to Dead Freaks! × DumpsterDorks DumpsterDorks is an NFT collection of 5,000 randomly generated avatars stored as ERC-721 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain and hosted on the Interplanetary File System (IPFS). Spawned from over 700 of the sickest hand-drawn elements this side of the intergalactic dump, each Dork is amassed from curiosities like lost limbs, busted appliances, and hazardous waste, along with special (and scarce!) surprises. Dive into the dumpster and score some trash worth treasuring! × Ethlizards A collection of unique and glorious Ethlizards just vibin and chillin in their Underground Lounge. Join the Ethlizards and hang out in the metaverse! × FancyBirds Fancy Birds Genesis collection for the first play and earn game by FancyDAO! × Feline Fiendz NFT For the Web3 Degens, by Degens. Feline Fiendz is a collection of 7,777 dope looking felines that have escaped on the Ethereum Blockchain. × Fluffy Polar Bears “After a very harsh ice age, polar bears were the only species that survived. Now, they need to explore the world, create inventions and a world of polar bears - cold, funky and definitely interesting!” Fluffy Polar Bears are a collection of 9441 randomly and fully On-Chain generated NFTs that exist on the Ethereum Blockchain. Polar Bears are hand-drawn by the famous cartoonist Selcuk Erdem × Gh0stly Gh0sts Gh0stly Gh0sts is the first truly omnichain NFT. This collection shows Gh0sts that are currently roaming Ethereum Mainnet. × Alfa Pass The leading insights community for the digital economy⁣⁣. Degens of Pre-sales &amp; Whitelists⁣⁣. Access to the hottest #NFT / crypto Info⁣⁣. Partnerships with leading industry standard tools to give our community the upper hand. × Meta Eagle Club Galyverse is the brainchild of 3D artist and digital sculptor Gal Yosef. While the art is envisioned and created by Gal, With Galyverse EDEN Gallery supports. - a world-renowned gallery with extravagant exhibition spaces, among others in NY, London, Miami, Aspen, Dubai, Mykonos. Serving as the art partner for the project. Originally established as a world in which Gal's creations exist, the Galyverse is first and foremost an art universe where stories began and new characters are created. Meta Eagle Club is the first collection created within the Galyverse and is made of 12,000 Unique Meta Eagle NFTs - Unique digital collectibles living on the Ethereum Blockchain. Membership of the Meta Eagle Club is represented by holding a Meta Eagle Club NFT. × Monster Shelter Fully animated generative collection of 5,555 monsters with a Tamagotchi-inspired game in development! × Nubbies Genesis A collection of 999 Fully animated NFTs lost on the Ethereum blockchain designed by hand with love and passion from a team in Thailand. × The Habibiz Welcome to The Habibiz, The first project to implement a WL marketplace &amp; NFT Draw. Join our discord for the vibes, HUGE ALPHA, and to be part of the family. × Tiny Dinos World's first cross collection nft. × Whale Pals × MutantCats Mutants Never Die: After surviving an attempted rug from their old developers the Mutant Cats community took over the project while protecting the DAO's assets. There's no need to stake your cats as there are no rewards for it. 9,999 cats mutated by a disease on the Ethereum blockchain. Each Mutant Cat grants access to the exclusive DAO community and voting rights over the DAO's assets. × EDGEHOGS The most badass on-chain hedgehogs. CC0. Rename them, reroll them, get them turned into 1/1s. Generated at the time of mint directly inside of Ethereum blockchain. No IPFS, no APIs, no pre-renders, only code. × Azuki Azuki starts with a collection of 10,000 avatars that give you membership access to The Garden: a corner of the internet where artists, builders, and web3 enthusiasts meet to create a decentralized future. Azuki holders receive access to exclusive drops, experiences, and more. × goblintown.wtf AAAAAAAUUUUUGGGHHHHH gobblins goblinns GOBLINNNNNNNNns wekm ta goblintown yoo sniksnakr DEJEN RATS oooooh rats are yummmz dis a NEFTEEE O GOBBLINGS on da BLOKCHIN wat? oh. crustybutt da goblinking say GEE EMMM DEDJEN RUTS an queenie saay HLLO SWEATIES ok dats all byeby × Moonbirds A collection of 10,000 utility-enabled PFPs that feature a richly diverse and unique pool of rarity-powered traits. What's more, each Moonbird unlocks private club membership and additional benefits the longer you hold them. We call it nesting – because, obviously. × BEANZ Official BEANZ are a small species that sprouts from the dirt in the garden. They make for a great sidekick to an Azuki, although some like to kick it alone. They're earnestly driven by the desire to help. However, certain BEANZ feel a calling to pave their own path... × Doodles A community-driven collectibles project featuring art by Burnt Toast. Doodles come in a joyful range of colors, traits and sizes with a collection size of 10,000. Each Doodle allows its owner to vote for experiences and activations paid for by the Doodles Community Treasury. × mfers mfers are generated entirely from hand drawings by sartoshi. this project is in the public domain; feel free to use mfers any way you want. × 0N1 Force The 0N1 Force are 7,777 generative side-profile characters with over 100 hand-drawn features fighting for their existence. Strength, spirit, and style are what you’ll need to survive in The Ethereal Enclave. × Creepz Genesis A web3 entertainment company. Gaming platform. TV series. Fashion. Ecosystem coin. × World of Women A community celebrating representation, inclusivity, and equal opportunities for all. United by a first-of-its-kind collection, featuring 10,000 artworks of diverse and powerful women. × MekaVerse The MekaVerse is a collection of 8,888 generative Mekas inspired by the Japanese Anime universe. In the distant future, drivers fight in a world divided into 4 Factions. Originals Meka, Mirage, F9, and Gadians are the Titans who rule this planet. × VeeFriends A Gary Vaynerchuk NFT project around meaningful intellectual property and an extraordinary community. × Alien Frens Alien Frens is a community driven collection of 10k randomly generated NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain. Our goal is to build the biggest group of frens in the Metaverse. 1 Alien Fren NFT that provides you not only an awesome PFP and a lifelong frenship with 10k other Frens, but a ticket to our IRL events, Invasions, Exclusive Merch, Comic Books, and more. × WulfBoySocialClub Wulf Boy Social Club is a collection of 4,444 Wulf Boy NFTs prowling the Ethereum blockchain. Your Wulf Boy (Phase 1 of 3) will give you access to members only free merchandise, benefits, and perks. Welcome to the Pack! × WrappedEtherWaifu The original Waifu NFT project from early 2018. This project was launched and then forgotten - until a recent rediscovery! You can claim waifus in different batches from the presale contract, then craft two waifus together to create new ones! × CLONE X 20,000 next-gen Avatars, by RTFKT and Takashi Murakami. 